i got my hair and make up done here for my wedding on 12 29 13 . everything was amazing . hannah styled my hair and the results were pure perfection . i
you know how you get those survey thingys online after a visit or a stay somewhere ? well , i got one of those in my inbox a couple of weeks ago . another place to bitch , other than yelp facebook ? ! ? why not ! . so , i filled it out . i got an e mail apologizing for such a crappy stay an offer for a tower suite . not to mention , after complaining on their facebook page as well , they responded right away saying how sorry they were would look
chicken . fried . steak . hands down the best i've ever , ever had . the gravy here is the best i've ever had period . you will be hard pressed to find a better place for down home breakfast in the country let alone az . what's really not to
hands down the best bbq place i've tasted by far ! i've had bbq from a lot of places in the states and in montreal and this place is oh so good ! i just got home from it and had to write my review . first . service was very good considering the fact that it was a new staff . super nice , friendly , patient . i can go on . especially because i was with my husband and his colleagues . all construction workers that were kinda tipsy , loud and hungry ! . the waiters and chef owner were up to par . i am a sucker for hood service and this place delivers it all ! food hands
oh my god today i decided to try bosa donuts and i got a buttermilk donut today with a thai tea with boba and now i am addicted
my and my son come here every thursday after his therapy . he looks forward to coming here every week the staff know us and already know our order on sub combo and one soup .
i liked the concept of this place , with the outside vibe and self serve beer wall . however , every single person i encountered there was rude , condescending , or just plain thoughtless . long story short , i was charged for beer i didn't drink and when i tried to get a credit for it , the server i spoke with treated me like a criminal who was lying to steal $ 5 worth of beer that , again , i did not drink . i then asked a bartender for a food menu and when i tried to order food less than 5 minutes later , she told
loved the location of the store , of course the products carried in store are amazing . my husband was interested in a dinner jacket and we were trying to get service to pick the right one and both sales associates were chatting away at the register , and we had to ask for assistance , input
today , i visited masso osteria for the first time and i did not expect my visit to go the way it did . i knew it was a nice restaurant but i truly got the full experience here . i was greeted by a lot of enthusiasm from a young hostess who was very kind and gave me all of the information i asked for . she sat us very promptly which was great because i was excited to eat . it is very rare that i have good experiences with hosts , but since i had such a great one with this young lady , i had to ask her name ! she said her name was mackenzie and she was overall a huge part of my great experience at this restaurant . in a lot of
the veal piccata was exquisite and my husband thoroughly enjoyed lobster ravioli . shared the house salad and it was fresh and
let me preface this review with this vegas is really just not my thing , but i was hoping that gordon ramsay would be a little less vegas than some of the other restaurants . i was wrong . everything was over sized , over done , etc . the british theme was overkill , the prices were overkill completely expected , but i have to say that the service here was excellent . we had
what great place . ! it is much better than any korean bbq restaurants in la . such as baekjung ,
i typically like to wait several weeks before trying a new place to let them get their shit together , but grabbagreen was calling to me . it's in the former yoforia space in the epicentre . the shop is very clean and attractive . there isn't much room to eat in , so i imagine in cold weather it's going to get very snug in there . on a nice day like today , though , the doors are open and it's quite pleasant . a manager told me while we were waiting in line that grabbagreen is structured such that once you've placed your order , you should receive your food in five minutes or fewer . it's a flurry of activity behind the counter there were probably a dozen employees assembling lunches . i got the french quarter grain bowl . it comes with shrimp , brown rice , and avocado . it was a little heavy on the
good to very good gym . some of the machines need to be moved out to make room for newer
i'm really not sure why i dislike home depot so much but this specific location is ass backwards . i never find what i'm looking for and the employees do a lot of bs'ing and standing around . compared to the shopping
i come here often since 2007 with my family of 6 . excellent food
this place will rip you off . we had a ring at our door , by the time we got to answer it , we saw a van drive away . they had a note on our door
came in on a sunday late afternoon to check out the game selection as an alternative to snakes and lattes . i appreciate that there is no cover fee , but there is also no service . we stood awkwardly at the front for a few minutes before we accepted that no one was going to come either to the bar area or to let us know how it worked . we sat down
as good as it gets is right . here's why i chose raxmasters 1 . great reviews . 2 . highest quality material watch the video on their site . 3 . the best price . don't be fooled by competitors sites that appear to be lower , but charge installation and
best vetrinarian i have ever been to ! i have 2 yellow labs with 2 very different personalities . we parked our car and without fail the dogs both took a poo in the parking lot . they have bags outside to clean up after the dogs . we walked into a beautiful clean waiting room . we were greated with a smile and they were even aware of who we were when we walked in . this was just based on appointment alone . we filled out some paperwork , nothing overwhelming . we were taken back to a nice little room for the examination . the aid came in and weighed both dogs . the vet then came in and examined their teeth and gave the shots . we have one dog that will be nice to anyone and is so loveable . the vet could tell right away that maggie was a very relaxed . on the flip side she could also tell that peja was not as relaxed . she was great with peja and peja even went into the next room with her . this is not something that peja would ever do with anyone .
ok mex , but not just feels cheap . not open for lunch and the waitstaff would rather be doing something else . why cheap you say ? i went there a year ago and sat at the bar and noticed a very loud fan in the beverage cooler like 70 or 80 db loud . went back
stopped in because we had a g'pon . craft beer selection was quite nice . bottle selection is pretty decent and they also have an attached beer distributor for cases . walking back to the restroom which was clean , noticed a wide selection of board games which you can pull out and play . observed 4 gents playing magic which they brought with themselves . the night we were there during happy hour they had a fantastic cheese selection . a goat cheese brie , mimolette first time for this fantastic cheese , smoked gouda , swiss and 3 other selections . my beer selection for the evening was troegs mad elf and the wife chose wittekerke rose an belgian import . for an appetizer we ordered
great food ! i love there broccoli cheddar soup in a bread bowl ! there
i love going here for facials and to get my eyebrows done . always friendly , they appreciate that people are busy
this place is so unique and fun . such a great vibe . we came here when it was storming like crazy outside and immediately felt like we were on vacation . could this place be
too expensive $ 12 . i never got in cause of the price my baby is only 10 mos old and the owner wouldnt
this hit the spot in terms of junk food . burger was was pretty good . onion rings were crispy
this is one of those places where you'll either like it or not . but since it's one of pittsburgh's famous food attractions , it's an experience a person should try at least once . first time i ordered the cheesesteak minus the cheese with an extra egg on top . never had fries in a sandwich before and i liked that the coleslaw had no mayo . fried eggs always makes sandwiches 10x better . second time i ordered the pastrami . didn't enjoy it as much
it was my first time here . i really liked the place the food was good and the server was nice and polite . the only thing that spoiled the lovely experience was the check where the price of my
after waking up at noon and missing brunch buffet , we decided to go to this quaint little french cafe inside paris . we had a nice dinner at picasso that night so we didn't want to be too full , so we got there around 1 , but the service was so slow and we didn't get our food and finish eating until almost 3 pm . i think we finally got out of the place around 3 30 and by then , we had to go back to our hotel to change and stuff . i think we waited literally 20 minutes for our check because the waiter loves to chat it up with all the other tables . the actual food was decent . i think i had the
not sure what all the positive reviews are for , i went here the other day and was not the least bit impressed . i heard good things about their cheesesteaks , and since i have never had a cheesesteak before i thought i'd try them out . there wasn't much meat in the sandwich , and it
i typically like pita jungle for a quick meal with the family . the server at this location was nice but the kitchen staff really needs to go back for some training . initially it took a while to receive the food as it
i am so impressed with this place . we were hoping to pick up a few cupcakes for an impromptu birthday party and happened to be in the neighborhood . it turns out the we were there almost an hour after
service was subpar , food was over cooked , tried asking manager question and he didn't
dr . russell has helped me with back adjustments and spinal alignment on quite a few occasions . he is a holistic chiropractor and knows a lot about how one's health and diet can affect back pain and other ailments . this is good because anytime i am unwell , i like to know the root cause and how i can heal it myself
worst service in town , liars , they say they done jobs that they never did , they change one sensor on my car but they never check wires they were cut , they change oil and filter to my car and since this day my engine start making noice , i took my car to an other mechanic and this happened because they use a
the lounge is basically the upper floor of st . louis with dimmer lights . the food is the same and the beer is the same . it gets packed on tuesday nights because of the half price wings .
had pizza and wings at fatbob's this evening and was way impressed . i usually stick to angelo's in lakewood as my fav but was out on a motorcycle ride and decided to try it out . deep
i had to sit back and realize this restaurant deserved an update on my previous review . i continue to stand tall about exploring more kid menu options that make sense . it's difficult to get younger children to maintain the plant based eating habits . you have an opportunity to truly craft a solution that is much needed in this town , and in my favorite type of food , mexican . taking this need and owning it could go a long way ! it's also not advantageous as a parent to order the quesadilla and it be over $ 7 . i wanted to just get that tidbit out of the way
the only late night 24hr restaurant in the cosmopolitan . came here for a bite to eat around 12 30 1 30am during my stay at the cosmopolitan . late night menu was limited on choices . i ordered the french onion soup and buffalo style chicken wings . the french onion soup was good but nothing out of this world . they accidentally gave my chicken wings to another table and i had to wait forever to get a new order out . the waiter apologized but offered no concessions for the restaurant's mistake and my inconvenience . my friends' food came out
my husband and i drove down from payson after finding this spot online worth the drive ! loved the setting in an old historic home . we sat on the porch swing outside drinking a hot chai
terrible rude people working the place . i can not believe how i was treated , for no reason . i had to put my things
this has become one of my favourite lunch places in the downtown core . plates are consistently full of flavour and ingredients are top notch . the menu has changed a bit earlier this year i've been told the crusted pickerel and lamb shoulder are my favourites . both are
my final bill at autobahn was 50 less for the exact same work the audi dealer was going to $ charge me . yup , 50 ! when i mentioned to michael that i was thinking about selling my car in the fall , he took the time to explain things to me so that i understood what work needed to be done and the things
nice place . ordered the spicey fish tacos . taste was good . maybe need a lil bit more fish but overall a nice ordered . especially
what a great spot . if you're looking for authentic style tacos this is the spot ! the meat is juicy and
i took my daughters glasses back to the store because the arm came off . she was hit in the face during a dodgeball game at school , and they fixed her glasses no problem . i was actually afraid she busted them because
worst customer service every time i go here . it's so irritating . i buy a bunch of things and i'm literally struggling to carry my shit and these stupid ass workers just talk to other associates and not giving a damn . i had to ask for a damn bag and they said they don't have anymore . like what the flying shit ? ! i always see this one girl dude that works here and last time i asked her for help and she he gave me a fucking attitude . management clearly doesn't give a fuck since i complained like 3 times already . the workers also don't know where the fuck shit is . they would point you to places and when you get there , it ain't even there
our softball team went here for dinner on a friday . there were 17 of us . i had the salad room and it was like going to a kitchen in a mobile home . tiny , cramped and full of customers trying to get around . on top of that , it was nothing special , especially for the price . the service was the worst i have ever encountered . no one was asked in 3 1 2 hours you heard me if they wanted another drink . i sat forever , having already eaten salad , for my husband to get his dinner . we were downstairs and some of the couples were in their 80's . we are a strapping 60 years
i went to this restaurant with a group of friends with me and my twin brother being the youngest in our early 40s . they would not serve me alcohol as i did not have my id even though my twin brother showed them his id and they served him . another friend at our table of 6 just had his 60th birthday the day earlier and they wouldn't serve him as he also didn't have his id . this
i enjoyed my dining experience ! the atmosphere is very intimate and the architecture is beautiful . you are situated in a treehouse overlooking the crystals shopping mall . my steak was perfectly cooked and the mashed potatoes were
got delivery through order it , i ordered pan fried shrimp and pork dumplings , and a lotus roots salad . the dumplings came in a plastic container , but the lotus salad came in a small styrofoam box , when the food arrived the box was open and most of the sauce spilled into the bag . the lotus roots salad $ 6 . 99 is slices of cooked lotus roots soaked in soy sauce , sesame oil , ginger slices and a dozen hot peppers . this dish is very salty because they used
i have purchased 2 iphones and a macbook air from this experimac in the last 6 months . nadine offers fantastic service and the
went in for some food on a thursday night at 7pm . i should have taken it as a bad sign when there were only 3 other tables with people at them . i ordered the black and blue sliders which were about the most disgusting hamburgers ive ever eaten in my life . burger was overcooked the caramelized onion was
i have gone to laugh factory in vegas several times around 4 5 , i have seen bill daws on at least 2 of my visits to laugh factory . all i can say is if he's headlining , go ! he literally had us all laughing so hard we were crying and our sides hurt from laughing so hard ! he touches on the funny things in life
these wings weren't bad don't get me wrong but for $ 16 . 50 they are waaaaaay over priced . i have had the burgers here before and thought the value was appropriate , they were
i have to agree with most of the other reviews . the service dept . is terrible . i brought my edge in on tuesday morning , was told by john phillips nice guy that they would look at it today . anyway , three days later they still
omg i hadn't had a serendipity frozen hot chocolate in decades and what a delicious treat ! they now have tons of flavors but i went with the
i came here with my bf for a late dinner after a long day of shopping lol . we ordered shredded potato and the cucumber dish to share and i ordered the beef brisket soup for myself . our side dishes came out pretty quick . and we both didn't like the shredded potato . it was really spicy for me and the seasoning wasn't good
we stayed at the new york new york hotel and checked out the menu for this restaurant before leaving . we walked the 2 1 2 miles to get to the restaurant only to be told that they do not have mahi mahi on their menu . they remove the mahi mahi bring their menu six months ago . boy that was disappointing . then we asked him about the beignets for dessert . again another disappointing response from the waitress . so we decided to eat there anyway since we were
born and raised in hawaii and grew up eating authentic hawaiian poke which is just fish with hawaiian seasonings and doesn't include all the add on salad ingredients to build your own . i ate here in march 2018 and at best
great lunch yet again at koi poke . you have to try it .
happy hour review skip the humous , order the sliders , duck fat fries or bruschetta
i love the perk ! they have delicious and reasonably priced meals . and their snack bar oh the cookies , granola bars , muffins , cakes . my mouth drools over their selection ! i usually get overwhelmed and buy too much , stuffing a loaf or 4 in my purse for later
still a five star place in my opinion . great service , draft beer , salads and flat crust pizza . the
if you want to talk about attention to detail , thinking things ahead , not greedy with restrictions , pro customer , than here you go . you can tell the manager is also very good and he trains his staff very well . chiptole vs . the place is a 16 v . 1 seed
don't call george . they charged $ 39 just to give an estimate , then wanted $ 450 to replace a kitchen faucet which i had done by another plumber for $ 85 and another $ 400 to replace a valve in our toilet which was $ 20
pathetic customer service . ordered a decaf for my mom . they said they don't brew after noon but they would start a pot . after 7 10 min of
very rarely does any eatery earn 5 stars from me . kilwins is outstanding . from the tasty free samples to the huge waffle cone of sea salt caramel ice cream , everything was amazing . i tried several different ice cream flavors including toasted coconut , chocolate peanut butter , and mint chocolate chip . each was tastier than the last . oh ,
i attended a private event at this huge bakery we ate cupcakes and drank champagne . the cupcakes were some of the moistest chocolate
today was my first visit to the joint . i have had lower back issues for years and have been going to a chiropractor for years . but after the same old treatment for years and not seeing any results i decided to try the joint on a recommendation from a work associate . all i
definitely a must when you're in vegas . my boyfriend and i have experienced both day pool clubs and night club tours and you won't regret it . our most recent experience was this past weekend with amanda k and kelsey as our hosts . they're both great and so much fun . from the moment you meet at the
i really liked this place . we dropped in for lunch soley based on the yelp reviews . i had the ribeye sandwich with fries . daughter ate the kids chicken with fries and husbby had the patty melt with fries we also tried the fried pickles they were very hot and enough for 2 two people to share . they were very tasty , and the ranch was nice to except for it being to thin . my steak sandwich was realy nice . cooked to my liking but the seasoning was almost not there . i had to salt and pepper the heck out of it . hubby's patty melt came on rye bread . he felt that the meat had no seasoning what so ever . we had a nice lunch , but
take out 2 22 15 started to use cardboard boxes for take out . price is $ 1 more than yonge and finch i always get 8 wings here and 9 10 at maple or yonge n finch plus phoned
the food was good . but the customer service was very ummmmm strange . the waiter was nice , but we never saw him and when i did i had to ask for water , napkins
the best coffee in charlotte ! located in atherton mill , this coffee shop is by far my favorite . there is a great variety of
my new favorite spot in old town ! will definitely be back and become a regular . so beautiful inside when you walk up those stairs . sat outside on the patio and it overlooked scottsdale rd . great hand crafted drinks that were paired with amazing food ! had the best service hands down . from the moment that we walked up to the hostess stand sydney sp was nice and showed us to a great table . loren came out and was so nice and personable explained the
love this place ! one of the best tamales i've ever had . same goes for the chile relleno . delicious food all around . the salsa is different than most .
being new to the area we decided to give gordas a try . the whole family was glad we did . i ordered a couple tacos one carne asada and one carnitas . both were delicious . i especially enjoyed the carnitas but both were delicious . my husband and son both had burritos and after seeing them it left me wishing i had ordered one myself even
my wife and i recently had dinner at brewers at 4001 yancey . we started out with the citrus gin cured salmon , which took quite a bit of time for them to bring out which was surprising since i don't really think the prep time would be all that long . it was good , but pretty run of the mill for salmon and capers on a crusitini . for the main course , my wife and i both ordered the
have been here often but last time was about a year ago and have not gone back because food was average and cost was silly . went back 2 weeks ago . likely won't be back . lots of waitstaff buzzing around but busy chatting amongst themselves and not really paying attention to tables . wine was delivered fast yay food was just average tasting chicken artichoke dish and chicken parmagian had to ask for basil . oye it's an
i didn't think it was possible for a starbucks location to make me so angry . horrible service . please , please , please do not go to this starbucks ! there are many other locations throughout the strip , so do not waste you're time at this grouchy location . i came here to order a venti peach black tea for my mom and a grande iced water with two scoops of matcha for myself . first off , the cashier girl tania doesn't smile at all when greeting customers . when i order the drink she doesn't really listen . she had to ask what i ordered after i finished ordering . when i ordered my drink she said that they don't do that anymore . i asked if i could just buy the matcha and water and she rudely said no . she asked if i wanted to get something else and i said no and another worker who was standing by her said that they were running really low on matcha powder . so
this is my go to car wash . it is conveniently located on 3rd street , at the intersection with charlottetowne ave . is it more expensive than a drive thru ? it can be , but with a $ 4 ride thru only option , it can also be cheaper . however , i do like the fact this is one of the few places your can get a vacuum and hand dry done in a speedy fashion . i also like the fact they do real tire dressing and will walk around the car with you to
i'm not really big into ice cream on account of it being unhealthy and contain lactose , but i like it . i've been taken here a couple of times to get ice cream and though i had never heard of this place before , it is immediately apparent that it is just like cold stone creamery that i'm familiar with , but not quite as good . i say this because the people working don't seem to be as interested in helping customers with creating great flavor combination or recommendations things i've come to expect from my cold stone experiences and would be appropriate considering the nature of the store . friendly enough , but not informed or helpful . the quality of ice cream
my husband and i went there today . we ordered panipuri and masala dosa . the pani puru was bot what i has expected at all . we were both dissapointed but then again we are bengali , i guess punjabis make it differently . the
zero stars ! 1st needed a new hot water tank , enercare sent a third company to install , as they took out old one they hit my wall causing all my picture frame to fall and shatter . enercare not taking responsibility for their contractors and showed no help to get the contractor to reimburse . i have called countless time with the run around and no call back
if you aren't wearing toms , skinny jeans , and those large hipster glasses , do yourself a favor and don't come here . and that applies to the guys as well as the girls . older 30ish crowd , pricey beers , rude staff , bartenders who don't know the beer , gross bathroom , massive amounts of hipster hippie pretension . when the door guy is mean to you because you smiled
i always dread buying a car through a dealership , but wow was i ever surprised by this place . we had so far been through the high pressure tactics of every dealership in the avondale automall , and an experience with a less than honest craigslist seller , so by the time i got to thrifty , i was pretty exhausted i only had 3 days to find a car . i found a spotless 2005 volvo v70 station wagon within minutes of entering the lot . took a test drive around the block with anthony , the sales guy , and knew within minutes that i just had to have this car . at no point did i experience any high pressure tactics . the entire sales experience went unbelievably smoothly , and the dealership took care of the registration , insurance
love it ! they are fast ,
very dissatisfied about its food . i asked chicken marsala , not flavor ! the lasagna and meatballs too . it's
andrew's is the best ! we called them at 5 00p . m . they were here at 8 30p . m . they
this place is great . not touched from the 70's , dimly lit , carpet floor . yes carpet floor . soft clean carpet . drinks are good food is good also . tried the wings , fries , and 2 types of burger . had the 5 . 95 burger with cheese , asked for medium rare came out medium . no biggie . lacked a bit of flavor but good . pickle was great to . then tried the texas
1st time here . loved it ! tofu tom kha soup is flavorful and delicious . chinese broccoli with crispy pork also very good . i'm a small person so did not have room for dessert , will try it next time . servers very attentive and did not disappoint . packed up my leftover instead of just bringing out boxes and
the first time i went there , all i had was won ton soup and i didn't think much of it . but then my boyfriend and i went back one day for general tso chicken , and it was
we love this place ! i had some delicious pot pie and cabo chicken
in case you're looking at this on 4 06 2012 i forgot i needed to update this because there is a change in management at bee gee's . yakitori is now limited to
i really miss going here to get my nails done . i decided to go natural with my nails , but miss the wonderful customer service and quality nails . this place
this place is so close to work , i just had to give it a try . so i got assorted pastries , and they were handing out samples , so i tried that as well , i believed it was gluten free bread , it taste ok , then i asked the ingredients they
chase is all about money . i have banked with them since it was washington mutual . i never had any problems with washington mutual . i am not a big depositor with chase and i do incur overdraft fees from time to time . it's one thing to charge overdraft fees , but to then charge fees on the overdraft fees i think it akin to extortion
i agree with the above and beyond . co owner amber has been doing my hair for the last 5 years , so ace's is the only place my entire family and i will go ! they do amazing cuts , colors , and anything else you could want with a keen eye for detail , a sense of style , and friendly atmosphere . no need for redos and or oopsies , but they can take care of you should that tragedy befall
decided to try this restaurant out after hearing such amazing reviews and seeing the incredibly long lineup on weekends . it was a friday at 10 30am and the restaurant was still completely full do torontonians not have jobs ? ! we ordered the pulled pork eggs benedict and the bacon , avocado and brie eggs benny . the english muffin on both was nicely toasted with just the right amount of crunch and egg whites cooked through with yolk running perfectly . i'm not quite sure how they made the hollandaise sauce but the first bite was heavenly , almost tasted like a very buttery sour cream and had a smooth consistency . the pulled pork was a little bit dry but it may have been because it wasn't smothered in bbq sauce . the flavours all in all went pretty well together . the side salad they served was delicious with an asian inspired miso soy dressing . the only downfall was the service was pretty average , with little to no contact from the servers . they forgot our juice and coffee order and brought it whe we were basically done our food . when we finished
don't go there . we called ahead made 2 appointments for our kids waited 20
have to agree with jennifer k . the pork bone soup was a lot less spicy and flavour was a bit lacking compared to other korean restaurants . still a very good soup though . huge portions of meat but almost to the point that i could not finish it . at $ 9 . 99 its a bit higher in price when you can find lunch specials for the same quality at $ 6 .
i'm sure that not everyone will have this experience but tonight i am alone in a
carnitas tacos all the way ! if i didn't listen to my belly , i could easily kill 10 of these suckers . so i stopped at 6 , and surprisingly , did not feel gross afterwards . that's a 5 stars review in my neck of the
my absolute go to bubble tea spot . they were the first , and they are the best . variety of flavors and sizes , and the tapioca pearls are soft but not mushy . just the right amount of bounce ! they do not have the tendency to be occasionally hard and undercooked like other tea places . i usually get the jasmine green tea , no milk , with tapioca . it isn't as sweet as some of the flavored teas and there is
this place has everything you need for any small appliances including air conditioning motors . the
not a full dd . avoid i have been here twice getting my car washed and while dunkin donuts has a pretty safe floor , the manager here seems to have a real problem with stocking . both times i've been here i ordered my favorite sandwich which comes on a french roll and both times they were out of french rolls . ok , fine
durant's is classic phoenix and i am a fan of classic phoenix . i love that it's been there forever since 1950 , to be exact . i love that you enter through the kitchen if you know what's up . i love the steaks , the martinis , the manhattan clam chowder , and the oysters . i love the service by a waitstaff that has worked there for 20 years they are on top of your order ,
elite kitchen concepts designed and installed kitchen cabinets for both of our office spaces . both kitchens turned out exceptionally beautiful ! from the beginning of the projects
the great 1 . the beer . in a growing beer market , brixx has done a great job of offering locally brewed as well as other crafts to please a serious and or casual beer drinker . the weekly specials are great too there seems to be a deal on beer almost daily . 2 . service . super friendly server named kris friendly and knowledgable . the good 1 . the pizza . i like interesting non tradtional pizzas , so the menu is up my alley . ordered the thai chicken pizza while it was tasty , there is no way i could have deciphered that it was thai inspired if i didn't know . 2 . pear arugla salad . our great server kris , spilt the salad for us , so
alyssa and her staff are very helpful every time my wife and i go over for shopping , the store has a variety of mk collections and
this place is the best . i can't go to vegas with out stopping here and grabbing a
just walked past and they're closed . looks like they
leaning towards 4 . 5 on this one . the drinks are good , strong , and reasonably priced for what amounts to 3 oz of hard liquor . the food is probably the best bar food in town , and oddly cheap considering the quality . however , i recommend avoiding
i can count on crown trophy to make medals and plaques for my school
i love this church ! the bible is taught faithfully , all are welcomed , flip flops are fine and the music rocks ! i
pretty horrible . operates similar to fuddruckers . burgers were comparable to fast food
stopped by and tried out the chocolate vanilla nice flavor . the inside is pretty basic plain , you wouldn't want to spend much time here . two tiny tables inside that will seat a combined
who is to say if this worked or it didn't . i feel like i wasted 125 on a groupon to try it out . they start out by saying most people don't see any results in 3 session . oh great that is what i have is three sessions . what a waste . the staff though friendly
love their shrimp and grits ! ahmed is an amazing server . he was helpful with suggestions for food and drinks . we have eaten here several times and the food has never disappointed . best
called 5 nearest places near me 89074 to fix a cracand this spot was as much as $ 30 cheaper than the
justin was our dealer and jeremy was our finance agent they added a lot of hidden fees that was not disclosed to us at all . we found out later when we already have signed
1st visit even seeing the lower rating for this location , i decided to stop in for after work take out food . they weren't busy at all , i suppose it is because they are still new and possibly unknown . but , it's nice to see new restaurants in this area they are desperately needed ! took a second to browse the menu and placed my pick 2 order . i'm also a reward member and had a free pastry reward so i picked the chocolate chipper cookie by far one of the best cookies i have eaten . half green goddess cobb salad w grilled chicken very fresh and delicious . half i already forgot the sandwich very fresh and delicious . after to go order you head towards the back of the restaurant to wait by the server to go window and there is a monitor with the list of patrons in line . even with three in front of me , it went pretty fast . on the way out i stopped to purchase a cinnamon roll for the next morning and the nice young lady just handed me one and said have a great night ! wow .
i cannot believe how rude the manager mani was being after i had just purchased a car from them i had a couple questions to ask him in regards to the car . don't get me wrong i love the car but it's unbelievable
decent little esoteric bakery in cabbagetown . no much to write home about in terms of decor but
so glad this place opened down the street . so fast and so yum ! if
so i found this place on a whim , i actually went into yelp to pull up the number for sears to call and get a quote for some service recommended by the honda dealer and after trying to exit sears a list of recommended places that provide quotes within 24 hours popped up . this was my first time seeing something like this and boy am i appreciative . sun city was one of the 5 options in which i messaged 3 of the 5 and received a response from all 3 however the hours and availability as well as the reviews related to sun is the reason i choose to proceed with sun city . this place is nestled up a little rocky hill and can easily be mistaken for a small tow yard or parking if driving too fast . i called and schedule an appointment for a free diagnosis and upon arriving i was greeted by sandy who was pleasant and handed me a form to complete as a newbie . i checked in on yelp and showed sandy and
the large poki bowl is enough for two . we like the choices here . there are a lot of items i usually add everything to my bowl because i like there to be a lot of vegetables . you can choose white rice , brown rice , sushi rice , or green salad . i got a mixture of two . the staff is very nice and friendly . they have a stamp cart buy 10 earn one free .
i have been to many afghan restaurants in the bay area and have often been disappointed when i goto new restaurants with afghan cuisine . i really enjoy
i ordered the chicken n waffles and a side of mac n cheese . the chicken n waffles were pretty good it came with a bacon type and i didn't care for that , but everything else was amaze balls ! the mac n cheese was a tab bit disappointing
super cute coffee shop downtown , with access to an art gallery , and little plant shop . there is seating inside and outside . you do have to order at the front .
great food , a little overpriced . only giving this place 3 stars because even if they don't take reservations on the weekend . my party of 11 was even
so i'm writing this review after sitting here for 30 minutes with a menu in front of me and no one has bothered to even take our drink order . we are in plain site but no one even came to check on us . they are not even busy at all . several people came after us and got service but they ignored us probably because we weren't a big party . so after having time to consider their overpriced food i will go somewhere
they truly care about my comfort level and that i'm very informed about what they are
we happened to be across the street and saw u swirl so decided to stop in . we saw the flavors offered on the menu and grabbed our cups . a couple of the machines were broken and from reading other reviews this seems to be an on going problem . we also noticed that several of the flavors on
this lowe's is only a mile plus from my house . i come hear a few times a week on average and have never been disappointed . it is not as busy as some of the other lowe's i've been in and the service is always very good and personable . i used to go to the other home improvement store that won't be named here but uses a lot of orange on their sign . i could never get decent service there and am happy this lowe's was built a few years back . their return policy
we had a company outing here and it was perfect . the food they made was delicious .
we ordered the gyro special for pickup , which came with fries . until pickup , when they tried to charge us for the fries again , saying that they were already paying a 15 percent
totally love this place . they have great deals on a lot
i went in last week and it was my first time trying mediterranean food and i absolutely loved it ! i had the beets salad and it tasted incredible . the cashier was the young lady with long
i absolutely love this place ! perfectly clean and everything is sterilized or brand new , even the
i was excited to know about the presence of an indian restaurant right on the strip , and we were happy to shell out 40 bucks including tax for a dinner buffet for two of us which is highest that i have paid for an indian buffet ! the experience turned out to be just okay . the quality of food was not bad . in fact , the naan and gulab jamun dessert were excellent , and most of the other items , except idlis and sambhar were also okay not great . idlis were certainly stale by at least a day ! i have more problem with the variety aspect of the
the food at olives is not as good as you'd expect for the price tag , but it receives 3 stars from me for the extras . first , the bread basket is totally yummy . there's a variety of breads to keep you happy while you wait for your meal , and each one was good . second , the atmosphere is quite nice . it's upscale ish without falling all over itself . third , we were given a stellar
first time trying this place , 1 . dr pepper tasted like root beer they say it's not 2 . no soup with the special 3 . kung pao chicken
the food is okay . just an ordinary sushi place in the mall complex . the live shrimp was good . the home made wasabi that cost $ 7 extra was not worth it . too much filler with little horse radish or whatever they used to make it with . uni dish . they say the uni is live uni . but it was not fresh enough not creamy enough . personally , i think the uni was dead when showing . the rice below the uni was mixed with seaweed that was over cooked . not fresh . soft shell crab was okay . the crab was okay but the coating was awful . too much
outstanding food , most of the time at least , but the service at this arrowhead location is terrible . as other reviewers have noted numerous times , service at this location is inexplicably slow . i have been there when it was packed , empty and everything in between . i have been there with my wife , my family members , with work for team and group events , you name it , and the service has always been poor . more recently , i have found that even when the place is nearly empty and there are more wait staff than diners , you still cannot get timely service . it seems to always be friendly service , as others have pointed out , just extremely slow . on our last visit , my wife and i sat ignored in a booth for over fifteen minutes , arms folded in front of empty plates , waiting for a check since a refill never came and nobody checked on us after the food came out . i took this to the management and spoke with them for probably
best savory vegan breakfast in town . actually , best breakfast in the valley . french toast is incredible .
came in from san diego and searched for a sports bar to watch first game of the mlb ww cubs lost . but , our win was to find this place ! great drinks , friendly staff , and great authentic regional mexican food . man , it was delicious ! happy to have spent the time and
two bucks has pretty good food and decent beer prices . it's one of those places that you'll go to anytime , but you won't go out of the way to stop there . small dining room bar area with a covered outdoor area . two bucks started as a very affordable place that kept prices to a minimum . they used to have really cheap food and beer and have worked to maintain that over the years . sliders are pretty good . mac and cheese is a small portion but offers
i was a patient here from 2014 until june 2016 . i've had two of their three pelvic physiotherapists . front staff tends to be good , professional . my main issue involves how the company professes to offer quality patient care , but shows limited understanding when money is involved . this review is of my two experiences , only , with synergy . i stopped going in 2015 , when my first physiotherapist interrupted me and insisted that the best results can be had by weekly visits , and time commitments . i explained that i had a few young children at home , and she offered to let me bring my infants with me . nice effort , but not a reality . bottom line was that i could not afford the time to go as often as she expected , she was not interested in meeting me halfway , and frankly the costs kept adding up $ 140 for 60 min $ 85 for 30 min . i began to go again as of jan . 2016 , out of necessity . recently , i showed up a bit late for my short appointment . it was my worse mistake to date i mistakenly thought the appointment was
sometimes it is really hard to get a good cup of coffee in vegas . this place has good coffee . it opens up right to the casino and is right next to the
this place is absolutely delicious ! not only is the food amazing , the quality of the food is unbeatable . and in my opinion , the best cheese curds in madison ! get a half order , they're amazing ! the location is amazing . the restaurant has tons of windows and glass , and the seating outside is beautiful . i got the pork bibimbap which is a tad different from bibimbap i'm used to . the rice comes in blocks of crispy rice that is
i really enjoyed this little dog bakery ! my wall e dog turned 5 and i wanted to get him something special . a friend suggested the canine cafe and they did not disappoint . they have cute
$ 325 to plug a toilet drain . the guy was there 15 minutes and didn't even bother to clean up after himself .
this place was shady as hell , never before have i been to a place where they make you pay up front before they bring you your drink . not only was that bad enough , but the waitress we had couldn't properly explain what the cost of things were , and when you have a group of 11 people it makes it hard to figure
pretty good . nostalgic environment and tasty
these people will rip you off ! call anyone else but them ! my toilet was running so we called apple plumbing . they said it was a bad flapper and quoted a low price to fix . plumber was very , very rude and offensive . they ultimately charged me $ 160 !
food is great ! service is fast and friendly . location is amazing . i had the
i wish i had come in sooner , i've been missing out ! the service was great , the owner was nice and even gave us an extra scoop of rice for my toddler . the portions are a good size and the meats
this place is just fantastic . i went there with my boyfriend and some out of towners for dinner . we sat outside and the patio was just perfect . the service was good and the pizza was amazing . i had the roma pizza . minus of the anchovies of course . the mozzarella was fresh and the dough and sauce were freshly made . they also have
i've used this place for about 5 years and they treat people fairly . i watched a crazy , irrational customer accuse the shop of wrongdoings and the desk guy calmly explained that the reciept did not list the same parts nor vehicle . as a female , it's hard to trust mechanics , but this place has earned my trust . they helped me get my dealer to honor a warranty . i had a bad water pump and it was eventually covered by the manufacturer . they explain when i ask questions . he even brought me to the car and showed me what he was doing . this was
my family and i have been seeing stephanie for over 20 years . not only is she an amazing person she is so good at what she does healing people ! there have been many times she comes in early to help me or others when they
beautiful people and beautiful work ! i have been going to the camelback location for over 12 years now . everything i have taken there has turned out fabulous . i've had watches repaired and batteries replaced , i've had necklaces , earrings , and bracelets clasps and stones fixed , and most recently had my wedding ring and a diamond bracelet rhodium finished and polished and a loose stone
i've used this ups store on multiple occasions for misc things shipping , copies , etc . and
been here twice for dinners . would definitely come back again . pros excellent food definitely better than average , and borderlining fantastic . great ambiance as mentioned by a previous reviewer , this location is quite beautiful as it is a renovated courthouse take beautiful into context though i'm not talking cathedral here , but it's a nice casual restaurant that's better than a typical moxie's . the lighting is low which is good , the bar at the front is nice and the dining rooms are quaint . regular priced food nothing too expensive , nothing too cheap service normal good but sometimes forgetful hipster esque as well cons it can be really loud terroni's , i find . i dined once in the regular dining area about 12 of us , so long table also downstairs in the cantina
hello there i have to tell my adventure in italian american restaurant social club , we have reserved for three people ! the service was good , but the food was horrible this is not an italian menu is a shame
love this place . the options are great , they even have vegan meals , their margaritas are delicious also . if
i've went to a couple other bofa's in vegas and this is the only one i go to now . despite almost always being fairly busy , they work through long lines quickly and the wait is never what it would be at other places . i'm drawing
the lady was super nice but i won't be coming back . i mean just look at the
we love this restaurant in general and this particular store in particular . they are always friendly and
this place sucks . be careful when making reservations you have to tell them you want the grill . 40 bucks for dragon roll
i was unhappy about a service fee i had to pay but they made it right . we've been with them for a number of years
this place was so mediocre for the money spent . i needed a sweet pick me up and i was disappointed . i looked on yelp and saw the three stars , however , decided to give it a shot anyway . i purchased the crack pie milkquake since it's only made in vegas asked for suggestions beforehand , the girl at
kinda obsessed with this place . in particular the beet salad . i crave it . i cant get myself to try other things because i know how good that salad it . i know from others about how good everything else is though ! i hear to try the protein bowls . the shakes are very good and good
this place is sooo good . it's tiny inside and the booths are cramped but wow for the price their food was killer . the best egg drop soup i've ever had , and if you order the 'a' dinner for four
one of two of my favorite sushi places located in the middle of the desert ! located on the west side , lahaina grill caters to the locals of summerlin and the surrounding area . the 24 hour sushi is no longer available but they do still serve it up until 4am . lots of special rolls to choose from on their menu . one of my favorites , the lahaina special of course . they also have a happy hour sushi menu that is quite an excellent value . the interior is unique in a good way with a tropical setting and the restaurant is clean . there is a full bar with
best bloody mary bar and breakfast ! i can see why it made the diners dives and drive ins show ! must go ! they even
do not buy here ! very unethical business . they sell fake e . o and claim that they are therapeutic grade ! i bought some
fantastic little eatery . had the philly steak . veggies were cooked beautifully and the bbq sauce was spot on . well
located inside the venetian , this restaurant is one of the few that is open beyond 10 pm . the bread served here is amazingly soft and laden
excellent food and friendly service . unique menu with a good variety . everything is prepared as ordered
spicy cucumber margerita just stole my heart . ordered a chicken taco , fish taco and street corn . everything was perfect and just out of this world except for the fish tacos which were pretty bland . our server was super amazing , he replaced
decent sushi at las vegas prices , but that fried chicken entree is pretty pretty pretty good . that really does about sum it up . located in the cosmopolitan , which is quickly becoming one of the stars on the las vegas strip , it's actually on the 3rd floor in what can be described as a small high end eating , drinking , and shopping mall . it didn't seem quite as popular as its next door neighbor jaleo , and they had plenty of seats available at the sushi counter where i sat . one entree , one roll , and a seaweed salad came out to be $ 60 . the roll and seaweed salad weren't very impressive , but the fried chicken entree was . i had
went back to the griddle today for a quick power breakfast before starting the day . had the turkey sausage patties with 3 poached eggs , and wonderful sourdough bread . my girlfriend choose the sausage biscuit w gravy , poached eggs . everything came out
my dad and i went here yesterday , as we heard a lot of jersey mikes are very good . the decor is fine , although it is hard to see the menu unless you're almost first in line . i got a tuna on wheat with cheese and lettuce , which was surprisingly tasty . it came with chips i got sunchips garden
i had incredibly slow service and never got checked on by the waitresses until i asked about my order after waiting about 30 minutes . at least 5 other bigger parties that arrived after me got their orders first and only after i asked about my order did it come out about 5 min later . i ordered
i really do like this place . i don't know why i don't come more often . today i tried shepherds pie . it was fantastic with chunks of ground beef plus mushrooms and peas and carrots in a gravy
if you're looking for fancy food , great service and ambiance , don't come here . however , the food is actually pretty good and authentic for northern
i have been a server for about 5 years . garrison the mod , made mine and my girl friends dinner exceptional . i have never written a review before but i feel like people should know about his restaurants customer service , and excellent sushi . managers i have worked with do not usually go out of their way like he did for us . great customer
rt's has great burgers . i keep getting the burger with the roast beef and sauerkraut on top . it's my third time there and third time ordering that exact meal ! they've got gluten free buns , which is awesome ! their regular
i visited the shop today with my daughter . it was ok . we checked out the comforters only two that i saw . one was about 180 . the other one was not that much less in price . for quality , i think target , boston store , sears and jc penny's would be the route
i wish i could rate this place 0 stars and i did not even have an opportunity to try their product . i approached their stand at a street fair and watched them making liquid nitrogen desserts . the person in front of me asked for a flavor the same one i was going to order and the man made it , filled a heaping bowl of the dessert , and gave it to the customer . looked delicious . i order the same flavor . the man looks into the bowl and sees that there is not enough , and says i will make some fresh for you . good , that is the point of your whole gimmick , right ? he then looks around for things , looks up at the number of people , and begins scraping the bottom of the mixing bowl from the last batch . he takes out the mixer and scrapes it off , really pulling
my classmates and i always come here after our exams about once a month . the bartenders are nice , and always serve us quickly . we ran into one of them at quinn's on st . patrick's day and he recognized us , which either means that we go here way too much or he has a fantastic memory . . maybe both . the spinach artichoke dip is remarkably delicious . sometimes we get coupons in the mail
first the drink that they served to me through the drive thru had soda all over the sides and bubbling up through the lid . the cashier thought it was hilarious and told me to be careful . then she told me to go park and that it was going to be
although the alterations were good , i did experience a bit of frustration for my daughters wedding gown . when she went for her 2nd fitting , the top section was sagging of which their solution was to add elastic which also did not work . then when i went to pick the dress up after the steaming , their were stains on the trane that they did not take responsibility for . the only place my daughter tried the dress on was at dulce . then my
best copy store in tempe ! okay , i might have worked for them for
always love myself some mcdonald's fries , but tonight they were horribly over cooked . i've never had this
we got two tower rooms connected to each other . the rooms themselves had a good amount of space and furnishings two armchairs . our rooms were clean and up scale looking and reminded me of smaller versions of the suite that we stayed in at the venetian hotel . beds and sheets were comfortable enough . while the walls and doors were thin enough to let noise come in , the halls and rooms were usually quiet . the marble bathrooms with granite counters gave the good sized bathrooms a luscious feel . the maids were very good about getting our rooms cleaned and the amenities stocked
this is authentic korean food just like halmoni used to make . skip the usual ayce korean bbq and try some home cooked food . their banchan is always changing and includes everything from kim chee to hot dogs with spicy peppers . the bulgogi and kalbi are both tasty , but their best dish is the spicy chucken chicken wings ! these wings are covered in a
my steak was alright . the salad bar was alright . service was alright . not much else to say . nothing stellar but it certainly wasn't bad
stopped by the outlet to look and left with a bargain on a queen floor model mattress and adjustable base . i had a set budget for purchase and tom with his knowledge
wonderful serve staff . hostess looks like they just broke up with boyfriends or someone passed in the family . foos is average bar food but
fun place to go to watch games ! esp sundays ! they have every football game ! my husband said they have the best wings he's had since
this was our first visit here tonight , my wife heard about rodizio and decided to give it a shot , we both went for the combination dinner salad bar and all the different meats you can eat , i'm thinking bring it on well that didn't last to long as after
i just ate at the views with my friends and it was awesome . the food was unique and delicious we even
service is always so great , prices are super reasonable and food is great . really
amazing , perfectly cooked , juicy , tender , quality steaks ! i went here with a party of five to try out this new location . i didn't think this place would be that great and thought it would be comparable to like black angus or outback and let me tell you how wrong i was ! i'm pretty picky when it comes to steak , i don't like sawing off pieces of meat and i order my steaks
while wandering the vast vegas strip , my soon to be wife and i decided to eat here as not many restaurants are accessible right off the strip . we were not disappointed . the seats we got were not the best , but they did offer a good view of the packed restaurant . service was quick , and the meal was quicker .
for the record i love white castle ! what i do not love about both locations in lv is the lack of parking . i literally drove to both of them and could not find parking in almost 10
came into town for a game and decided to go to this place for dinner the night before . it was a little concerning when we walked up on a sunday night when there is football on and there were maybe 25 people there . once we sat down we were then only ones inside that's not a big deal though . we ordered a couple drinks and i ordered a beer off the menu that was hand written above the bar and they didn't have a few of the beers that were still listed so , i just asked what they had and got the first thing i recognized . after i finished my beer i ordered a mint julep . now being at a whiskey bar i figured this wasn't going to be a problem . but the waitress came back and told me they couldn't do a
my friend's love this place ! wonderful staff , very friendly and helpful . they have margaritas in all sizes . i'm a jumbo gal . good and
had the ribs . a bit dry and the sides were just okay . good selection on the menu and worth a look .
being new to the area and trying to find a dog sitter was tough . i asked around and did some research on yelp and found pick of the litter . lisa and monica came over to meet with us and i felt that they were very proffesional and true doug lovers . monica stayed over night with our senior pit bull , tiko
excellent barbecue and very reasonable priced . we really enjoyed
yessss this place is great ! its like a vegas dive . definitely not fancy but its got everything you need for a great night in vegas gambling , cheap booze $
this is by far one of the worse nail places in las vegas . they are wayyyy over priced and their customer service is very poor . they charge $ 50 for a acrylic gel fill and on top of
went here for a friend's party . while the place has nice ambiance , our waiter was attitude central and made it seem like he definitely did not want to be serving a party of 20 . he would avoid eye contact with us when we were trying to get his attention to order drinks . we would order , and it would take about 20 minutes to receive our pints . this would be understandable if it was jumping , but there was hardly anyone in the restaurant or outside . my roommate's latte arrived cold and he acted like he was doing her the biggest favor when she sent it back . she got another one quickly , this one scalding hot . nice one . another friend and i decided to order food , which arrived about
what a fun activity to do ! we did the wild west themed on . it was certainly challenging and you need every minute of the 60 allotted to complete the challenge . we managed to solve the puzzle with 7 minutes to spare and without assistance from the guide supposedly around
my husband and i love ipic theaters . although we live in vegas we frequently travel to scottsdale to enjoy movies in their luxury theater as we have yet to find any other that can compare . when you walk in , it's like you're going into a high end night club . initially you are greeted by a hostess who prints your tickets and answers any questions you may have . to left is a full bar with plenty of seating televisions and to the
being from ny spending my summers at the jersey shore enjoying philly cheese steaks . this place brought back memories . regular philly
the worst food ever . the drinks are good specialty unique . the regular drinks have some flair . i would not recommend the food . the chef is obsessed with chili powder and chili sauce . too much no flavor just chili . had
well what i liked most was that the food had so many surprises and surprising tastes . i was there about 6 weeks ago now and am sorry this is a later review . but i
russell is the best . very friendly and has good recommendations . try his own shake he came up with salted caramel
came with a party of 5 and sat on the patio watching the fountains at belaggio . ordered steak chicken and scallops . scallops were mediocre the steak looked like they had pounded it and it just wasn't very good . after
mediocre food at ok prices . the good you can get a $ 10 burger in a sit down restaurant . huge menu . decent atmosphere , friendly service . the bad huge menu jack of all trades
damn you u swirl . you got me ! i am officially addicted ! like . hi my name is deana , i am a u swril addict , and i need help ! i love love love this place , to the point that i dont even want to eat anything else except frozen yogurt ! its vegas , 100 degrees outside and if my body could sustain itself on this stuff alone i would eat nothing else . they have 15 non fat flavors , and 1 low fat flavor peanut butter to choose from and all the toppings your lil heart desires ! although since i find myself here 3 to 4 times a week as of present , i am trying to hold off on the topping and just get the yogurt . i do get about 4 like pieces of chocolate chip cookie dough and mix those 4 pieces
fixed our tire in under 20 minutes and were super
our new favorite place ! the pizza is so good and the staff is friendly and
super fun and super yummy . charming staff , cute digs , and creative , affordable , fun
was in tonight with some friends that were renewing vows . elvis
just go here simple as that . best fast food burger in the country
discovered this little gem while i was seeking a new dress that was fun and summery for a dinner function . i needed something that was playful and still elegant at the same time . my usual go to is the little black dress , but i wanted to use some color to mix it up for the night . using my yelp app this came up as a suggestion , so yes yelp knew what i was looking for . the yelp app is amazing for seeking what one might be looking for with just a few key words . it brought me here ! when first coming up to the store the name immediately conveys strength and empowerment . this is very important since i feel the business is strong in the support of women's rights and issues . they are a small business here in vegas and from the reviews prior and on google they are involved in the community here ! the stores audience swings towards a retro fun attitude . the dresses that they sell here are vintage in style , but not from grandmas closet . they are all new and beautiful pieces that one will fall in love with . most of the clothing here is redesigns of those old favorites . the prices on
our family loves coming here for brunch . kids love the waffles and burgers . they have a good selection of vegetarian
great place to get yourself fresh . three weeks latter and i'm still on low maint !
loved this place when it was sugar factory . love it even more now . the bloody mary is still the best in the entire world and the food was actually super good . our waiter sean s . was brilliant .
we were going to use cafe du lac to cater our wedding . we had shopped around and kathryn the owner had given us a fantastic quote . we decided to use them after tasting the food and we did enjoy the food to be fair . kathryn's quote more than doubled after we added in 25 people and it came time for her to crunch the
pretty big place that has great food ! i'd say that this place is better than the golden nugget buffet that i went to on the other night . this buffet is so much cheaper like only $ 6 or $ 7 and has a variety of delicious foods . i literally stuffed my gut until
ate here for lunch . extensive offerings . didn't eat anything that was less than above average . one
this place was wonderful and cheap . with their kids pricing i could take my family of six to a sit down restaurant and fill up for less than 30 bucks .
houston s used to be the best restaurant in town . but their portion size has gotten so small and quality is just not it used to be to justify raising their prices
decided to try their services since i'm going to vegas a couple of times this summer . signed up online and got in ghostbar for free with a free drink
craving ramen and this place hit the spot . got tokamatsu soup
we went to lager and vine as a family for a saturday lunch . we all ordered different things from
today , i met a colleague in the 'burbs . taking lakeshore for years from parkdale to etobicoke doesn't thrill me , but this cute aussie coffee shop was worth the drive . i've enjoyed a latte , a mint tea and the actually australian man near me just gave props to the
the burgers were good but i have had better . the fries were stale and weren't as good as we were told . the service was decent , but we received our burgers
i happened to be in town for a conference and was staying nearby . this little place was within walking distance of my accommodations , and had decent reviews so i decided to give it a shot . the food was fantastic . fresh , well prepared and delicious .
we stumbled on this place by accident one day and boy , are we glad we found it ! the atmosphere is charming , service
very disappointing . we have been to the hash house in san diego and were blown away . they were packed , we waited an hour in the sun and left very happy . the food was amazing and the atmosphere was cool . we were excited to discover a hash house in our hotel . this one felt like a slightly nicer denny's with huge
bought the groupon which was a cool deal ! emailed my reservation . showed on time and my son had
i used to love this restaurant . in fact i would tell all my friends about it . but for some reason , the last two times my husband and i were unimpressed with our meals . he got the antipasto and i got the gnocchi . my to go portion was skimpy and i didn't get any garlic bread . my caesar salad was underwhelming . i was disappointed that i chose this as my mother's day meal
stopped by this morning to pick up a quick bite to eat before work . i tried the acaii berry parfait ,
i totally agree with the ny times when they say it's the best pizzeria in america . a limited menu and they
none of us had ever had venezuelan food before , so we were unsure of what to expect . we walked in , completely confused by the menu and what arepas were . the staff were so informative and also showed us what one looked like
saturday , march 10th . 7 30 p . m . my husband's birthday dinner . the scallop appetizer was tough , dry , and overcooked . even after we sent it back and got a new one , it was still overcooked ! we never got the salad that was supposed to come with the dinner , until after dinner was over and the bill arrived . we were never even offered the salad , or asked what kind of dressing we would like ! i happened to notice . when the bill arrived , that a salad was supposed to have been included ! it is for these reasons that i say that jose was a terrible waiter . he did not
came here last night to watch the panthers game . we arrived 30 minutes before kickoff and , as expected , it was packed ! we had no chance of getting a table and the hostess said one wouldn't be available until after the game . so , just note , that if you want a table here for a big game , come super early ! . we headed to the bar and
it's a shame i'm very fond of their food but they've messed up our order the last 2 times in a row . today we ordered french fries and they never came out , when the waiter with dark short hair and beard brought the check i asked him if he charged
i've not visited the restaurant yet , but i had the pleasure of having doug's take home mac and cheese , and as an omni , i was frankly prepared to moderate my expectations when evaluating the
east ocean is love . east ocean is life . definitely the best authentic chinese food in vegas
food is pretty much on par with other asian legend locations . however , the service is extremely lacking . when coming into the door , there is no reception or employee greeting us , which was not a big deal . but , when trying to wave
had a rental car for more than a week due to my car being in the auto body shop . returned the car with ease and then had to get back in to a
i visited toronto during tiff and i was so surprised we were able to get a seat at this amazing little restaurant . the host was great , he insisted that we wait for a seat on the terrace , and i'm glad we did ! it was so cozy and made the experience
great food . great service . love the variety and location .
great coffee , spotless and cute . tasty eggs benedict with an usual sauce , not classic hollandaise nice twist
stumbled across this jewel when my sister and i went for lunch down the street . decided to go in after we spotted the beautiful cake and macaron display through the window . the cakes and macarons are made inhouse by 8 amazing
i was very worried after reading these yelp reviews about my decision to stay there . this worrying was for nothing ! i very much enjoyed my stay and will definitely be back . we checked in around midnight and upon getting to the desk , the clerk let me know that the only king sized room was in smoking not what i reserved , even though i called last week and they told me everything was in the system and i thought , here we go . the clerk was super friendly though and told us they could put us in a king suite on the 18th floor for that night , but if we would have to move tomorrow unless we wanted to pay an extra $ 100 a night . in the morning , we called and probably because of reservation issues they asked if we just wanted to stay there complimentary . um yeah ! we had a high roller view two bathrooms , score ! so do they need to work out some kinks in their reservation system ? yes . however , how can i deduct any stars when they put us in a suite for our four night stay ? as for noise . the walls are a little thin , but i only heard
i have had cell phone service with verizon for over 15 years . that's where most people will say why anyway . my cell phone was stolen . took 2 days to get replacement phone friday went to store and asked for help because first of all problems with replacement phone itself the help ? never even looked me in the eye and only said next . next . no . you have to do that . not our problem . and adamantly said no that cannot be done when asked if we could somehow just lock the phone down . and the negativity continues over 45 min in store
one of my besties loves this place , so since it was her b day , i treated her to lunch at dragonfly . it was
the only reason i'm giving 2 stars is the guy taking my to go order was really nice helpful . otherwise it was a pretty expensive meal to feed the dogs although they seemed to enjoy it . ordered 3 entrees , explained that i was vegan so no animal products including fish sauce , egg or even honey . listed exactly what i wanted for the pad thai noodles , scallions bean sprouts only , pad see ew with vegetables and panning curry with veggies
been here numerous times . nothin fancy at the hole in the
yummilicious ! went on a groupon . was not disappointed ! have already been back ! love it
normally i wouldn't take the time to post a review about a coffee shop , but the guy at the cash was so staggeringly rude that i had to post about it . this is not the first time i found the staff at cherry bomb to be snotty , but it was definitely the worst experience i've had there . when someone looks annoyed because you interrupted their gossipy conversation with a coworker when you're ordering coffee , then corrects
duckworth's is our go to restaurant near our home . the service is always great and so is the food . they have a good menu selection which allows for every family member to find something that they love . my personal favorite is the carolina burger with chili , slaw and onions . being on a no carb diet
agent messed up the order , and item returned to sender . called the store
service sucks to the max , waited 25 minutes to be seated then waited
food and service is always great every time me and
my recent experience here has inspired me to finally after years of using yelp start writing reviews ! don't get me wrong the food is pretty good and cheap ! but the service i received was horrible ! i always get takeout and there was no problem but me and my friend stopped by to eat lunch and were in awe by this experience . we got our food quick and it was good as always but we quickly got full and had pretty full plates . we asked for to go boxes and i kid you not we waited 20 minutes for the boxes ! we're they busy ?
i received my card months ago but never activated it , when calling in to do so i was told it would take 24 hours . that burned me up but not as much as the terrible customer service i got from their representative , extremely rude . what got me even more was that i went to a station and put money on the card before checking
this is about my first and last visit to xyz . i was not prepared for the the overcooked plate of perch for lunch . heavily breaded and cooked to cardboard texture , the perch under the dark brown breading was almost as brown . i never send food back and reorder for fear of retaliation . the fries were the best
i ordered a birthday cake from this bakery thinking that it would be really good since one of my relatives constantly gets their birthday cakes from this establishments . upon digging into the cake , i found a piece of an eggshell inside their green tea mousse cake . welp at least i know they use brown eggs . as well , when i went to pick the cake up i noticed a rather foul and dank smell to this
had the kung pao chicken lunch $ 5 . 75 . it was excellent in taste , just the right amount of spice , large portion , fabulous spring roll and the obligatory fortune cookie go with the meal . super clean , really nice staff , choice of booths or tables , and parking close
always something wrong with my order . have had pizza be under cooked . always feel like a rushed pizza was
a local , down home pittsburgh gem ! if you are looking for a comfy , solid breakfast at an amazing price , barb is your girl . i gotta say , i am a fan of knowing that i am going to get big portions and nice service before walking in the door of an establishment . call it esp , foodie intuition or a keen eye for restaurant signage . either way , i got both . barbs is kinda small , with an outdoor patio that they open up in the summer . haphazard knick knacks , dusty photos a really odd one of an out of focus hummingbird in a wooden frame that confused my dining pal and me , and a corner tv contribute to the ambiance . lots of locals chatting about sports and why so and so is an a hole and can't catch a ball to save his life .
new place in the neighborhood ! cheap fast food place with yummy food ! i can't say the food was amazziiinnnnng , but it was satisfying . we had our food in
not my first time at a vegan restaurant , vegenation definitely tops my list of quality , delicious vegan restaurants . fresh and much locally sourced ingredients , i was impressed by the inventive uses of plants posing as meat . i am a meat eater , i guess you'd say paleo pescatarian mostly although i occasionally eat poultry and eggs , no or very rarely dairy , no pork or beef at all . however , plants encompass most of my meals or i should say the larger percentage of my meals are plant based , and i find the importance of eating at least five servings or more of plants a day to be
the food is okay . i ordered the bologonese pasta . the sauce was a little bland . my husband ordered the pepperoni pizza and although he liked it , i thought it had
this place has amazing fresh donuts and the owners are fantastic to deal with . love
my fiance and i reserved the chef's table at cento for our five year anniversary , and were immediately blown away ! from the homemade squid ink pasta , to the signature cocktails , and the bread pudding to end the meal , it was more than we imagined .
first off , i visited this establishment by using the drive thru . hence , i expected speedy service at a fast food place , however , it took over 30 minutes for me to get to the window to pay . there were only 2 cars ahead of me ! i asked the woman at the window if they were always this
i was here with 3 friends . we all had something different and every
one of my regular morning spots , thanks to the reasonable pricing
the brisket is real good . the pulled pork was dry . we got there late in the evening and those were the only meats left sausage as well . i didn't try the sausage . i had the two meat
probably the best bang for your buck as far as buffets go on the strip . we came here for the sunday brunch at 3pm , and they switched over to dinner menu at 4pm , woot woot for double selection . good quality food for a reasonable $ 25 , 5 for unlimited champagne . the selection is not quite as big as the wynn , but for the price difference i'd say the bellagio has the better deal . to start out you have the choice of about 5 or 6 different cooked fish items , grilled swordfish , grilled bluenose , roasted bluenose , salmon , seared halibut , grilled chilean sea bass cooked 2
whoa ! what happen to ticoz ? this place use to be awesome . as i waited for an eternity to get a drink i looked around the place and it looked like it was in desperate need of some tlc furniture and carpets need to be cleaned , walls need to be repainted . the plants were all dead in the women's restroom . this place is dying a slow death . what used to be a
i went here on a friday night for dinner . it was kinda busy but not so much that it was too loud and oppressive . we ordered the cornish pasty and the fish and chips for dinner . the cornish pasty was by far my favorite dish . if i had only that for dinner i would have given 4 stars . the fish and chips though
i called flowers plus after seeing their 20 off promotion on first time orders . the owner didn't know what i was talking about couldn't find the promotion , so he denied my request all while i was listening to him and the receptionist go back and forth while i was still on the line .
terrible , would not recommend going here to anyone , they dont have hashbrowns for breakfast , they dont give you american fries after 11am , so you get to eat french fries with your eggs ? who
so slow ! i'm stuck in drive thuru line for 20mins now . order taking girl doesn't even know what she's saying and takes forever to complete orders . it happens
9 30 saturday night show real disappointment ! sloppy performance and nowhere close to the
i believe i spoke with catherine i think that was her name , well i was looking for a unit at the day of my move in ne las vegas , she was very nice and helpful . i couldn't make it to the tropicana location so she set it up for
this is the second eggsmart location i've been to . it's located in a new plaza so there is plenty of parking . the restaurant is decorated in the style of the all the others . it's bright , clean and roomy . the menu is the same as the others . good quality food at a decent price .
this was my first time going to this salon and i was a little scared at first because i've been so loyal to my last stylist . but i was not disappointed at all ! i came in for a simple trim and my stylist cassie , was absolutely fantastic . she did notice that i have very thick and dry poly hair ,
dr . stein saved my life ! i had a routine colonoscopy at the va on 2 16 18 . the next day i started to literally bleed out through my butt . dr . stein and his team built an emergency or in baywood's er and at 3 am
hands down a great experience ! i called yesterday as the driver headlight on my car was out and asked if i needed to make an appointment . the woman on the phone said to just stop right by during their hours . i went by this morning and their small lot was full so i just sat in my car while i believe who was tim was finished chatting with another guy . i continued to sat in my car for a couple of
morning star cafe is this cute little cafe in a business district area around the corner from the angels tempe diablo stadium . we took our 11u baseball team which totaled to a 24 people parents , players and siblings . they were so welcoming and handled us perfectly . one person the owner was serving all our food and refilling our coffee and he did an outstanding job . the also make latte's and cappuccino's and my husband has the best nutmeg cinnamon vanilla latte . the food was
one of my coworkers has mentioned chelsea's more than once and after a morning of walking dogs at aawl , i shot up 40th street to try chelsea's . the interior is contemporary and open , the bar seating is interior but open to the patio . the patio has several tables and umbrellas but i can see how it can fill quick . i arrived at around 1140 , they were still serving brunch which i believe is served till 2 on both saturday and sundays . not really feeling what i saw on the brunch menu , i asked for a lunch
so there once was a contest going on facebook to get their name out and all you had to do was get 20 of your friends to like their page and say you referred them . ummm yea i won ! they do contests on facebook every month ! i won 300 sq ft of synlawn turf and one of my friends won a putting green ! i didn't have to pay
love the seating . the ladies bathroom needs a major update . hard to flush toilets and
what a great and yummy find ! like some of the other yelpers , i am a vegetarian and at a place with the name of burger bar , i was sceptical to say the least . i was wrong their homemade veggie burger is to die for ! and , the sweet potato fries are the very best i've ever had
just ordered from here ! dumplings got here fast and
amazing hidden gem . what the place lacks in ambiance they
such a wonderful place ! the staff are so friendly and informative . they really take the time to teach the guests and you can tell how much they care about the animals . the enclosures are well kept
best burgers in town . very juicy and delicious . nice friendly service . but the onion rings are
this is a hippy dippy health food store . if you care at all about what you put into your body , shop here . if you prefer processed foods and the typical american diet , don't
i do like the place and it does not smell old like so many do . i always
the web portal and doctor are great . his staff who doesn't most of the work are providing bad service . this week i asked for paperwork for blood work as i'm getting very dissy in the mornings . i called for an order to sonora quest and they said no , you must be see the doctor first . i told them i
3 . 5 stars . this place is definitely a great spot to come if you work around the area or are a student nearby at u of t . when you see the place from the outside it seems as though it will most typically be a small place , but man oh man , the space this place has is serious . i don't think i have ever really seen so much space at a coffee shop . it seems as though it is the mecca of all things creative . they are open to having companies come in and use their place for meetings and just thinking big . as a big thinker myself i can
2 stars is really a stretch . i normally find la quinta inns very convenient specially when i travel with my 2 small dogs . i had to go to vegas for a 3 day conference , went cheap on my last night of stay and opted for this la quinta branch . staff are really courteous . when i entered my room , the maintenance person was still there fixing something in the bathroom . he was very apologetic so i assured him that he may take his time in finishing his task . it wasn't his fault , the front desk should have
the food was truly amazing and unique . my shrimp tempura tacos were special . i don't even know how to describe them because they aren't like anything else i have ever eaten . they were bursting with flavor and had tons of shrimp . my kid got a steak taco with just cheese , avocado and sour cream . the steak was cooked perfectly and frankly i don't think you could make a
a bowl of handmade creamy sweet goodness from cremerie meu meu is really something special that is worthy of tasting again and again . not only is their ice cream handmade , they use high quality all natural organic ingredients . they even go so far as to use disposable spoons made from corn plastic that biodegrades . the tiny little shop lacks seating but is
we were very impressed with this company ! great customer service timely responses , great communication , they explained everything that needed to be done to restore our grill . we have a fire magic grill that has been used and abused
i just stopped into gentleman joe's to get my sideburns and neck trimmed . immediately after coming in , one of the barbers greeted me and offered me a selection of drinks . there was only a couple minute wait to get in . they have a couple different sitting areas , and loads of tvs . every barbers chair has a tv , and there are several big screens throughout . each barber can change the channel as well . napoleon helped me out . he had to move the barber chair out of the way so i could fit my wheelchair in , which proved a little bit difficult . this things are ridiculously happy ! i was honestly just expecting a couple minutes worth of labor , just a few cuts here and there and i was done . however , it turned out to be 10 to 20 minutes worth of work to get
avoid this place ! i went here with some friends because we live nearby and the smell of the food was great every time we've walked by . we finally went to this place and got some swarma , mix plate of food and baklava . the food wasn't bad but we noticed ants on the baklavas still moving around . when we went back to the cashier to exchange it , we noticed a swarm of ants all over the dessert counter on all of their food . i can't imagine the status of their sanitation and other foods after seeing this . food 1 5 , my swarma wasn't bad
highly recommended ! very knowledgeable , professional and friendly . more importantly , very fair prices and only fix what needs to be fixed , not trying to upsell , fix more than is needed , or tell you you need a
consistently great food and drinks . go before 6 for happy hour prices
just terrible service . i came in and stood at the counter for 3 4 minutes . i was only acknowledged because i was making efforts to find someone to help me . my order was taken then the employee
good food . took 15 minutes to make . rice was good . the
always stop here as soon as i arrive in town . its
jacob is a great mechanic . i have a custom chopper that most people in town are afraid to touch . jacob dove right in a
i decided to replace my kitchen faucet . i have done them before several times but i did not want to get on my back and crawl under the sink again ! i had a good experience with bob and village plumbing last time i used them . no complaints this time either . i got lucky on bob's scheduling again today . i called him at 10 in the morning and he was able
i have never given five stars before . but , everything was perfect . great atmosphere . wonderful happy hour .
i can't help myself . whenever i go here , it's because i'm dying to go here for one thing the vegan shredded pork with vermicelli and some pork eggrolls . so , i can't tell you about lots of menu items . i can tell you that this one is delicious . hue thai has standard meaty vietnamese fare noodles soups , banh mi , bun , etc . and for the adventurous meaties , you can get tripe and blood cubes and all the extra parts . but i can't rate how that tastes ! i can say that they have a fairly large vegan
i really liked this small , cute little shop , with friendly chocolatiers offering samples and showing off their interesting creations . it's great that it's local , organic , fair trade , and besides that , the chocolate is super yummy . being an out of towner , i had to try the
very good french fries and my
we had dinner this evening at cheddar's in chandler . as many other reviews have stated , the restaurant is attractive and welcoming . the staff was friendly and helpful . our server was nayeli . the service was prompt and attentive . tthe food was all excellent and surprisingly affordably priced . here is what made our experience stand out . my wife ordered the ribs , but found that the
margerita pizza crispy fries to go were excellent . only complaint was the unusually small drink , it wasn't worth the money
service was subpar . they did offer me a free water which was right on time . they didn't really explain the
worst experience with marriott ever . we are exclusively dedicated to marriott properties and have been for over 20 years . we booked our three night stay a month ago king size my husband is 6'5 with extra pillows . we checked in to find two queens and no extra pillows . our new room is on a lower floor , we had to go down to ask again for extra pillows because the phone doesn't work , the cabinet is broken and the toilet has leaked all over the bathroom floor . my husband has stayed in marriott properties in several
we went to their spring open house for their free axe throwing event . the location is situated near yorkdale mall which i find really convenient , however their exact location was hard to find as it was tucked in those industrial area . price is about $ 20 ish for an hour of axe throwing . the staffs there were extremely helpful and friendly . they told us that it started as throwing axes to targets at backyard hence the name
i have been here two saturday's in a row for lunch . i love the sushi . it is so fresh . the first weekend we went i only ordered one roll but my second weekend i ordered two . i was so stuffed when i left but
asian island has good food and they're always on time . i have only ordered online delivery through yelp even though i live across the rd so my review is based on this alone . everything i have ordered has been pretty good . my favorites are the orange chicken , almond or cashew chicken and crab puffs . their sushi is pretty decent also . i love the tiger rolls . the highlight of this place is ordering delivery
if you ever ride down carson and pass this little place . turn the car around and stop in ! . the lines can be ridiculously long but it moves very fast and the ice cream is worth
great pizza margharita pizza was excellent . great decor simple yet classy . great service owners employees were very nice . great fresh food you can taste the fresh ! bad location i foresee a more in the next year or so . they do not have mt dew . bad everyone cannot be expected to
love my lashes xoxo thank you jordan ! i've had my lashes done by lots of artists around the world and have
kim was incredible ! she was super helpful , very responsive and
portuguese tarts . my first was in macau . i didn't appreciate it . i had one many years after , once i'd had what i like to call my foodie awakening and i regretted paying so little attention to my first . a friend of mine shared a portuguese tart from nova era with me one
went to try out this hula bar with some friends since it's closer to home . loved it we got the scorpion bowl and also my faves coconut shrimp rolls and sweet potato frys . it was
finally tried this place out . the food is way overpriced for what you
i have been here a few times , burgers are not bad , but as others have reported the tables are often dirty , so i stick to take out . service seems to depend a lot on the cook manager who asks some customers how they want their burgers cooked , but not others . i was watching my burger getting to well cooked and tried to get his
been going here for a few years now . the food is always consistent . flavors are bold and presentation is visually appealing . the menu has a little bit of everything , from quesadillas and burritos to menudo and lengua . they also have a happy hour from 2 5 in the afternoon with 2 for 1 cocktails . just wish they'd include appetizers as it would probably entice me to
killed some time here while waiting to go to the aiprort . my wife and i both had a couple vodka's and the tab was $ 50 ,
these donuts are next level no , they are not cheap but they are delicious the donut dough itself is amazing very light , fluffy , fresh i've had these from the rolling pin and also from mcewan foods ,
not impressed by the food . service was disappointing .
don't let their name fool you ! this establishment specializes in other goods and gifts other than flowers . they have a very nice collection of jewelry , clothing , handbags , seasonal decorations , and much more
great place that i recommend to everyone . they have done an exceptional job for everyone i know that has gone to them . just got my car back from an accident and they worked with progressive to get everything
i love this place ! charles is the best , great customer service very informative and friendly . i went into man cave with no cigar
rude rude rude . if i had the option to put a negative 5 star on this i would . i am seriously amazed how rude someone can be . i work for a company and we usually always call to get prices for our preferred vendors list . i decided to call las vegas key shop because they have 5 stars . i have no idea how they have 5 stars . it seriously blows my mind . i called and was speaking to some guy should of gotten his name . it sounded like i woke him
so this is my first time here . heard so much about it . we had a party of 5 . it's a prefix menu we order the 5 course meal which cost around $ 200 n my other friends
everything is nice and clean . signing up was fast and was able to set up auto pay on the
we choose this restaurant based on reviews online and were not disappointed . service was top notch . we met the owner and he asked if everything was well , we said excellent .
you would think that with the advent of mega bookstores with their large selections and deep discounts , that small independent bookstores would lose their place in today's world . if you love to read though , one visit to shelf life books will change your mind , if you ever thought that way to begin with . i don't know what it is , but every time i walk in here , i either walk out with something or have to work hard to hold myself back from purchasing something . it could be the way the store is laid out . it doesn't boast the selection of a chapters or an indigo , although you can special order anything from the front desk . but perhaps the reduced clutter makes it easier to filter through stuff and find things . or it could be a conscious choice with respect to which books get displayed . i was speaking to the owner after a visit where i walked away with three books i had never intended to buy , nor was even looking for , and she said that they try their best to display smart books , and actively try not to display anything with vampires with them . a
great pizza and side dishes . the calzones are also great . i am from new jersey and like good ny style pizza and
i love noodle soups and instead of our usual pho outing , we decided to give oe a try . and boy oh boy , we were not disappointed . we each ordered n1 lanzhou and n3 n1 with kimchi with a side of wood ear mushroom cold appetizer dish . our noodles arrived piping hot within 5 min of ordering . the broth was nice and earthy
what with all the hype up about this place , i have to honestly say , it was mediocre if any . the whole process checking in on the kiosk n being told you have an hour to wait . then ten minutes later you get a text saying you're up , you show up n you have at least a minimum of an hour to wait in line . the hostess that you check in with is
by chance we found this place while exploring beaches . an absolute must if you like bbq ! the burnt
we have been coming here for the past 10 years . it is like cheers , everyone knows your name ! you do have to be a regular for that to happen . the baristas see me coming and make my coffee before i can order it ! the coffee is the best .
so delicious . service was quick and staff was super friendly . price
they fit me in the same day and were amazing on the phone . they came in and put 2 shutoff valves to my shower which helped me out a ton . the prices were great
excellent and quick service . check i . for the first time and they give you free potato skins . i had the greek salmon . it was the best
i have been here a few times , since my kids and i love the custard . though the 4 times we have eaten brazier items i have been disappointed . i have ordered the mushroom swiss burger 2 times and both times seriously lacking mushrooms 5 small sliced mushrooms on one and 3 on the other . i went up to the counter both times and they said that was the standard amount ! ?
i have to say poolstar is awesome ! my husband has taken care of our pool for years , he finally agreed to let me hire someone to take care of it and he and i both couldn't be happier
the best soft shell crab po boy i have ever had .
a very very very average vegas bar . average prices for average drinks $ 14 for scotch on the rocks . average entry fee $ 20
pizza and service was excellent . dino and his staff are very
this sheetz has the best ketchup and ranch . if looking for a tasty
ate here for lunch for the first time and i thought the food was really good . the lady made me a monster of a sandwich which i ended up taking half of it home with me . the flavors were great and the bread was fresh and delicious . the quality seemed much higher than other fast food sandwich shops but to me they lack in having different choices . which may be
awesome place ! great decor , great
family owned , great customer service , delicious food , big portions , well priced this is the first time i've been here . i always thought it was a chain restaurant , but it turns out it's a mom and pop restaurant owned by a very nice lady , carol . she's genuinely friendly and checks on her customers . i noticed she knew her regulars by name , was bussing tables herself , holding open doors for people and checking on the customers . when she came by to check on me , she cleared one of my plates , and we chatted for a bit . she even asked my name . when i was talking to her , i found out she was the owner . atmosphere friendly , casual , indoor and patio self seating you order at the counter , and they give you a number . you can sit inside or out side on the patio area wherever there's an open table . you put your number on the stand on the
we went here last night after the super awesome yelp event to have a cocktail . we were greeted by shawn , a very hospitable bartender . he was great ! my friend and i were literally the only people there ! the ambience was like a nightclub with neon lights and modern furniture strategically placed to leave enough for a dance floor .
this was my first visit so i was worried , if i would be disappointed . but i must say that food was super good and impressive , i just wish that our server could have
this place is awesome ! the captain crunch pancakes are amazing ! prices seem expensive at first but once you
stay away from this place ! apartments are very old . took an apartment only because there is a big indian community and my employer had a discount with them . maintenance and customer service are not good . takes days for maintenance personnel to come in . also , my apartment got infested with roaches because the maintenance person opened up a hole underneath the sink and maintenance did not do much afterwards to get rid of the infestation . i spent the last 6 months of my lease duration living in a roach infested apartment . living amidst roaches was the case with my neighbors as well . because of the older
beautiful ! not the usual buffet . great cheese plates and cold cuts but the hot
been going to this community centre for almost 18 years for swim classes , camps and other activities there . this building has it all large swimming pool , great library , camps available during the summer , soccer fields and a recreational gym for sports . and if that does not make you excited , they have a large splash pad and
great breakfast been here maybe 6 times . usually get classic , have gotten the eggs benny poutine once too and was shared between 2 ppl . early bird special is a good deal if you make it before
we remember coming here last time and not knowing which dish to try from their square grid menu . the taste menu option is certainly a great alternative as an introduction . kinka means golden flower we were told , something which bring happiness to everyone . it definitely did to us
everyone here is awesome ! i had the pleasure of dealing with carl and seth . no pressure , no up sell , straight and to the point . i live 1 . 5 hours away and purchased my 2016 outlander here , so that in its self means something . every dealer tries to sneak some added charges here , but not big two , which i was surprised . when i called carl , the sales manager , to finalize my deal , he had the vehicle pulled and prepped my for delivery on this busy memorial day weekend right before they closed without even pulling my wife's credit and just by my words that we would qualify for the 0 for 72 months . low
food was overpriced considering its small portion . got the holy chuck burger and cowlorie burger
it took thirty mumble mumble years of my adult life to finally enter into the hallowed halls of the infamous pmall . truth be told the rumors of their dangerous parking lot kept me from crossing the threshold from steeles and kennedy into the bermuda triangle of no return . finally this weekend i was forced to weather the parking lot storm as i attended the taste of asia festival . the hype was certainly on point as i spent the better part of 30 minutes playing vehicular dodgeball minus the balls as i searched for parking . mind you this was mostly simply due to volume and not poor driving as the rumors had suggested . that was until i was exiting later that day . i actually watched a woman drive against oncoming traffic on a 1 lane each way enter exit to the parking lot and attempt to marge in with the exiting traffic whilst blocking oncoming traffic entering . lets just say she got a few choice hand gestures and an ear full from several peoples horns including my own . enough about the parking , now what lies inside these doors . a lot . of nothing . if you're looking to get some bubble tea , or get your
the pho was excellent , i had the regular one with round steak . everything was as i wanted , fresh veggies , good cut of steak , and very flavorful
yelp recommended this place while we traveled from charlotte to charleston and was pleasantly surprised . we were sat immediately and football was on we ordered the poutine which is a huge portion ! we ordered the 12
this is not a very customer service oriented panda . every time i have been in
my finance emailed the concierge a month prior to our arrival to let him know we were getting engaged during our time there , he responded by asking him to call him . after leaving him 2 messages no returned phone call , so he got theater tickets and dinner reservations himself and pulled off a beautiful evening . he couldn't even get the hotel to assist with getting a car to pick us up from the executive terminal from the airport as we flew in private . with all the money that he spent for the
i've had my hair cut by nadine several times , and i will definitely keep going back to her ! i have big , long , curly hair
i think jan and her staff are amazing ! she's done great things with my daughter , and she's made a lot of progress . while they don't
this movie theater is amazing and worth the drive . i have only been to the galaxy theater over off of craig road on the north side of town . i love the small cozy and intimate setting of these theaters . i usually see the majority of my movies at the palms however for fifty cents more why not come here and enjoy a movie on your back the chairs are like modern fancy lazy boys that completely recline . the seats are assigned so no rush to show up early to search
d and i were craving a steak dinner the other night , so we did some searching to see what airdrie has to offer with decent reviews . we thought we'd give this place a try and it's a touch old fashioned but they kept their food tasty . we started out sharing a zucchini sticks plate . the zucchini itself was fresh , not too juicy so they didn't drip everywhere like you get with white spot back in bc , and the batter was crisp and well seasoned . the tzatziki dip was really good on its own , high quality thick dip with lots of cucumber bits , but it was not the right dip for zucchini . a fresh ranch would have been a better complimentary flavour for the zucchini and batter seasoning . for the main course we each had an 8oz new york with a soup to start for him and salad for me . he had the potato bacon soup which was supposedly absolutely delicious , and my salad was a simple lettuce and tomato salad with thousand island dressing . the dressing came in a little take out cup which was strange and i felt bad using something that would
great place , echoing all the other excellent reviews . i had been planning to go for ages and finally made it , primarily to ask about dry aged steaks . found out that they are available , although not on that day .
i was eating watching the employees prepare the food and take orders . no one was standing around or goofing
i was so excited to find this drive thru restaurant ! the food is yummy and it's drive thru ! perfect on
do not use this outfit ! we went today and spent more than 1 . 5 hours only to have the ortho tell us that my
great law firm , i have worked with them on many occasions . all
fantastic , best cupcake i have had in durham , and i have tried many places . cupcakes are iced at the time of order , so no worry about thick crusts . soft , moist
this is definitly good food . the price is good . my favorite is the coconut shrimp . they have an extensive choice for kids too , like pizza and french fries , mini hot dogs
i gotta admit , an adult's only pool with topless sunbathing and good drinks make for a great day . came here with three friends and the activities of the crowd entertained us for hours . first of all when it's 106 , lotion up and more importantly start drinking both water and the cocktails . second , you should come in here knowing it's a topless pool . these four dudes walked in
they hand wash , and they are quick . the car is not all that clean though , even compared to other hand wash places for the same price . i would not go for anything more than a quick wash . they try to upsell , but i told them that the reviews on yelp
clark was well informed and honest about the products . he installed
i've stayed at this hotel only 3x and don't know why i bothered to give them another shot . thinking their attitude would improve . me thinks not . 1 was there around thanksgiving this year and the quality of the rooms were as follows a carpet corners looked like a cat dog has been chewing and naw ing on them for the last few years . bathrooms had wallpaper covering older wallpaper . why wouldn't you strip it and just redo it or paint it ? the beds were horrible . the mattresses clearly were not replaced in years . the tv we now have lcd and what's with the old cabinets ? we had 2 little lamps and one electric socket that wasn't working . 2 when explaining our unhappiness with the room , the front desk asked us so what do you want us to do about it ? . i thought to myself you have got to be kidding me . the economy is bad but there are 150 other hotels to go to and they think their entitled ? 3 after mulling through 3 managers and raising a stink were we able to get issued a food credit . even that took more
we tried dw bistro for lunch . a special was the pulled pork sandwich with carmelized onions and comes the choice of sweet potato fries or salad . the sandwich was bursting with flavor . next time i will order the salad . even though the fries were good the sandwich bun provides enough carbs . since this was our first visit our server offered a complementry desert
this is the first time i've been there since the new owners took over . i was pleasantly surprised that things only got better . food was great and promptly served .
food was fantastic ! shrimp cocktail was amazing ! i ordered pancakes with eggs and my fiance got an omelette . while the food was fantastic the only reason for 4 stars vs . 5 is the under staffing . we had to wait in line for about 30 minutes , no big deal i understood that . the problem was once we were seated . our waitress was very friendly and she was trying really hard to accommodate all of her
this place was wonderful ! took my mother and sister here . 30 minute full massage for $ 15 , but we went for the full hour for $ 30 . best choice for us ! took us back in to a darker , calm section in the back , started with
the staff here is very friendly and professional . they went out of their way to make sure i found exactly what i needed and went above and beyond to ensure that i had the exact items i picked out for my delivery .
it's a very cool place ! the building itself is beautiful and the market is an experience . i came here the first time thinking it was an actual farmer's market , so i was a little disappointed to find it is
went here for lunch last week . i had the loco moco which was huge and super yummy ! my friend had
i had high hopes for this place but it was very disappointing . i came here on a saturday afternoon and the place was full but they only had one waitress and one chef serving the entire restaurant . i think we waited about 45 minutes for her to clear all the dirty dishes off our table and then another 20 minutes to get our drink orders . the noise level was deafening ! my friend and i moved tables so we could hear each other , but it made little difference . it's a good thing i wasn't starving when i arrived because
the decorations inside of the restaurant was cute and lovely . their outside patio looked nice too but it was too hot to dine outside . my boyfriend and i came here for lunch . my boyfriend got the lunch special with caesar salad , the burger , and the brookie . i ordered the chicken sandwich with rainbow carrots on the side because i love me some rainbow carrots . i also ordered the white sangria which was very good . i love it . they had cute napkins that had the restaurants name on it . my chicken sandwich was really good . portion size is big so we
fresh does not focus an local nor organic
needed a smog to register my car , wasn't looking forward to waiting at dmv these guys hooked
we still don't have air conditioning . when i called the office , they told us that we would have to wait until it got really hot outside . it's been 85 degrees in our apartment for some time . we can't open the windows because
such a nice hotel ! we got a king room . bed and everything was
this place is great ! everything about it . the employees , the casino , restaurants , gift shop , location , gym , hotel . just a great place with so many great things for all ages to choose to do from gambling to bowling to the movies . from steakhouse to burger joint . chinese to italian . you name your food combination and you can find it here . great valet services . wonderful view from my room . swift elevators . gargantuan bad ass suave gym facilities and oh shit . the
absolutely zero complaints here . it was a perfect business trip . lobby and staff awesome ! rooms very clean and includes in room mini fridge and coffee maker . wifi was free
this place is one stop shopping . the have the best prices on almost anything . the deli is cool and the fried chicken that they make
it's been a few years since i stepped into a mikes but since i received a gift card , it allowed me to rediscover the chain . most mikes restaurants have undergone a makeover in recent months , they have a new logo and simplified menu that still focuses on pizza and pasta dishes . the place versailles location is no exception to this rule , the decor is very modern and suitable for a casual sit down with family or slightly more upscale business lunch . i love the red , white and grey color combos , everything looks clean and bright . there is even a bar and smaller , closed off room that is perfect for group events . i opted for the do it yourself duetto option which mixes a pasta and pizza of your choice , for around 12 $ it was very reasonably priced . i recommend the bruschetta rolls which are smaller pizza bites if you do not want
i have to say that the vegetarian options here are the best that i have found in phoenix , maybe anywhere . this is due to the variety , creativity and boldness . i mean , to have vegetarian 'meat'loaf that is as good as it is . flawless . the only downsides are that the appetizers are
show was really excellent so amazing the fact water and trapeze guy's all performance was a great experience price is
used to be a lot of fun , but prices went up and
deck seating during happy hour gets a big thumbs up from me . i personally prefer the frozen cosmo without chambord it's sweet enough . at three bucks during happy hour , i don't care that the frozen cosmo looks ultra girly pink . i also had an east end smoked beer , that was completely vegetarian , even though it might not have tasted that way . the food's decent here . the pasta in the macaroni and cheese was cooked perfectly not too mushy . the sauce was rich , though i might have liked some toasted breadcrumbs for a crunchy contrast . the bread that came with the spinach dip , though , was too hard . the food
took 15 minutes of sitting in the drive thru to get my order and i was the only one in line so it obviously
this place was recommended to me from a friend and it did not disappoint ! i ordered an 8 inch round triple chocolate peanut butter cake for a birthday and it was delicious . the design on the cake
an excellent experience last night with wife , son and daughter . food was very
i have been coming here for over 2 months , and i have had nothing but great customer service . it has surpassed all expectations i had had . in addition to the lorena who has helped me in numerous
i agree if this place could get less than 1 star that's what i would give them for their service ! our server was horrible , this must be his first restaurant job cause he suck ! we went as a group last wednesday , it was a young guy with facial hair that was
altered my wedding dress to fit like a glove , with
ever wonder what it would be like to have stylist at golden rule salon color your hair and not do anything to rectify the situation . below is what you will get . this stylist completely burned my hair off with the bleach she let her assistant use without any supervision
went for a quick lunch with my ex colleague in the commerce court location . he ordered a grilled chicken burrito and i got a vegetarian bowl . a person ahead of us ordered a shrimp bowl . his bowl was over flowing and mine was not even half full . he
the mussels were huge and the broth was out of this world ! the employees are as terrific as the food and the atmosphere ! menu wonderful ! loved it all
good coffee . good food . there was no wait for breakfast the sunday i went . the hostess was prompt to greet us and seat
decided to do drive thru on a sunday night . when i get to the window right away trouble started with them not knowing what i ordered ? umm seriously there was only one other car in front and you forgot my order ? so after reiterating what i wanted the kid said they where waiting on the bone i . chicken to cook and it should be a minute and to pull up . i waited and realized that 2 other customers have gotten
when you have a debilitating meat craving and are stuck in vaughan's industrial wasteland , the sight of two cows atop a building may seem like a strange mirage . vincentia is a panino espresso bar , butcher and imported italian food store all in one . their delli section boasts a decent range of artisanal cured meats and cured sausages made in house . the panino selection is more modest . all the toppings have an additional $ 0 . 50
im not like a huge fan of this place . but it ain't bad i recently fell in love with their 3 guys and i can't help but want to drink it all the time .
came today for my brother birthday , everyone was great . food was awesome and service was top
poor customer service and quality of work . the technician changed his story of what was needed 3 times when he was here .
probably the worst hotel on the strip . it has a decent location , but that's about it . the most annoying thing is their archaic policies you have to pay for wifi and you only get to connect two devices and it's $ 25 including access to their gym which no one ever uses . i mean , what hotel still charges for wifi in vegas ? i feel like i'm at some crappy airport hotel because i missed my flight
i'm not discrediting the other reviews but i , fortunately , had a very pleasant experience here . i filled out an inquiry online and was promptly called back to make my appointment . i was able to get a time and date that was convenient for me . the physician's assistance ester was a joy to speak with . she was a very positive person and in my opinion genuinely interested in helping me relieve my pain . i had to wait a while to see the
don't waste your money on zarkana . i've seen other cirque du soleil shows and this is the worst of them all . the plot was incomprehensible , the flow of the entire thing was just off , there's too much going on on
meh . it was ok . i wasn't really impressed with this place . the food was ok and the service was ok , but it wasn't great
we stayed at red rock and sought out a dining option . my significant other expressed that the yardhouse was a welcomed option . we went on and found ourselves at the bar where we ordered food and drinks promptly . the service was fast and the food hot . however , the quality was less than favorable . the turkey burger was dry . very dry ! the appetizer , chicken wraps , was ground chicken that appeared to be grocery store packed worth no flavor . side sauces could be added but they lacked flavor as well . not to mention the
i go here all the time . i like buying random books though . plus they are half price and they have a clearance section on top that . they also have cool little
my husband and i decided to go to northside for my birthday dinner . yes , a lot of pressure on northside to give me that great meal . kc , our server , suggested the surf and turf . i could not have been happier . the steak melted in my mouth ,
i went there at 1pm on a saturday and i was the only one there , and service was quick as a result . i got the 5 tenders , fries , toast , and sauce deal which was $ 8 . great deal in my opinion . tenders were fantastic . on par with cane's and popeyes . fries were good , not great . i'm a huge fries guy and i thought they could be better seasoned , but they certainly we're not
i was excited to try out this new studio in lv . classes are not bad but i feel like most teachers are lacking enthusiasm . the ones i loved the most were deanna , patricia and jonathan . the other ones were a
for late lunch on a saturday afternoon , a friend and former unlv student suggested stephano's . i loved that their menu had pictures as i am a visual person and i am horrible with food names . i had the rib eye steak shwarma combination that came with a side of fries . the shwarma was alright . the meat was a little on the dry side , but the other ingredients compensated for it . their fries are excellent ! i love crispy fries , and these were oh so crispy . they also have this cucumber dipping sauce that is really good with the pita bread . another thing
stopped by today for a gel mani pedi today with my mom . what a wonderful salon , they have over 500 colors to choose from
came in with my husband and i had to listen to all the servers say they didn't want to serve
this is a great place to grab a bite to eat either at lunch or for a casual dinner with friends . the menu has something to
taste need improvement . a lot . not the worst hakka but not the best . taste should come alive dishes need to taste distinguished from each other . spice control is not where it should be ! there is
waited 20 minutes in this very smokey restaurant for one fruit cocktail while dozens of loud rowdy teenage boys played dominos and cards . and it wasn't even a cocktail like paramount has , it was just a strawberry and
i am a mojito addict ! everywhere i go i like to try them to find the best one . and the mojito hut in vegas is by far a mojito to die for ! the original is always great . but the other flavors are so incredible it's nice to mix it up
i love the couple that work here . they work really hard and their sushi is amazing . i generally don't eat in here , i usually order the take out . the quality of the fish is amazing and they usually take the freshness
their customer service is terrible . they never answer , and their online booking doesn't work . it's unnecessarily difficult trying to
wow general exam and teeth cleaning was only $ 49 ! first time patient and what an awesome experience ! everyone who works there got a big smile to greet you with and did i mention everyone
i moved to charlotte earlier this year and tried lots of different gyms through class pass . previously my routine was made up of spin 3 times a week and weight lifting 2 3 times a week . madabolic has completely transformed how i workout . i get the cardio , weights , and intensity every single workout
service was okay . good ingredients , but food prep was meh . my husband and i shared the joe's special full $ 10 . 99 . the waitress let us substitute a biscuit and gravy for toast . the biscuit and gravy was okay , probably what i enjoyed the most . the scrambled eggs with underdone veggies which was sad because the ingredients had the makings of something special , but the sub par execution made us not want to order the dish again . the country fried potatoes were crispy but
this target never disappoints . great job to the whole team there everything i need and don't need but i leave with anyways is
i really like the henry for breakfast . having sampled a lot of las vegas spots for breakfast and not being a fan of casino lines and buffets , this is a good alternative for a quiet breakfast . the restaurant is located about as far as you can go from the front door of the main floor of the cosmopolitan hotel . next to the bond bar is the henry . the service is consistent . in other words , figure you are going to wait to sit , wait to order , wait to eat and the check will be slow . it's almost like they only hire folks with a 'tude , or who are horrible at customer service . generally , when i'm here with a group , we create a small pool to bet on how slow our service will
came for a ton of street tacos gerson , our server , was awesome ! great service
what a fun place ! went here on a sunday morning and it was fabulous . we sat outside on the dog friendly patio with our dog . the brunch
i am very dissapointed in the management millennium properties who owns this building . camelot apartments has the potential to be a wonderful rental community however , the lack of internal upkeep has made this place uninhabitable . i moved in the end of june 2018 to move out the end of july 2018 due to the location being infested with cockroaches . my unit was not move in ready even though i paid a substantial amount of money there were multiple issues which were not handled in a professional or timely fashion . i also heard from my frusterated neighbors during my move out that they are dealing with bedbugs , which management is fully aware of both issues . they would rather blame , accuse , harass , threaten lawsuits , bully , add extra charges , and play mind games on their tenants , which happened to me personally instead of taking responsibility of their gross negligence to keep up the property ! do not expect your security deposit back ! here is my itemized list of things i had to throw out 1 . 32 inch flat screen tv 2 . queen size mattress , box spring , and
a fine addition to north peoria ! went there for dinner two ordered the asian slamon , one ordered chicken cordon bleu house version and i ordered the ribs . all four said very , very good . only neg poor cole slaw , a vinegar sugar style and way too sweet . beer was excellent , drinks were very well poured . now serving breakfast on sat and sun
i'm originally from szechuan so i think i'm a fair judge of szechuan cuisine . most of the dishes here are authentically szechuan . what makes this place authentic is their red chili oil which is used in almost all hot dishes . in fact szechuan chili oil is not just chili and oil . it contains a
the crazy noodles and seaweed salad are great ! had good service
both of my vehicles have michelin tires purchased from discount tire . it is really nice to pay one price for tires that include lifetime rotation and balance . i use this store regularly for everything but it's nice that i can use the store up by my employment for rotation , balance and flat repair as needed . when it comes to price you will be hard
amazing ! so many different option , gives you chipotle
my friend recommended me to this place and specifically to lisa . made a last minute appointment for today nye a few days ago and she had no problem acommodating me . showed her a few pics of the cut color i was going for and she surpassed my expectations . i feel fabulous
ohhh lady , i didnt order my honey oat as a flat bread ! but thats what i got ! small subway , hella ghetto workers , but what can you do ? my son and i love spinach and turkey subs so this is where we went after lvac . we were starving and of course they had their 5 $ footlongs . the place is in a funky location right across from starbucks . the parking hella sucks , but they do have a drive through
awesome place i love the combination 10 pho soup great broth
wandering horse is the best buffet in the phoenix area . considering that i'm not a huge buffet fan . i really love coming here . first of all the price for this buffet for breakfast is only 10 dollars . that is right i just said 10 dollars . it is a bargain for buffets normally buffets are at least 35
friendly service and comfortable setting . hasn't been crowded on any of our three visits during past month . consistently good food and value
staff is very accommodating , restaurant is clean and nice . food is good , not
great team appleone ! keep up the great effort to
had to have an exterior bib line installed to tie a mister system in . anthony was great to work with . he was on time ,
so i feel bad about leaving a not so nice review but hopefully this will help parents that are on a budget . so no joke to allow my kids to jump for two hours it cost $ 53 ! no food or anything else , that price was just to let my kids jump . guys i could buy a small trampoline for my backyard at that price . my kids had fun and that was nice but i went in after researching their prices online and thought i was going to spend around $ 25 but when i got there they gave me tons of excuses and all these little rules and it ended up being double the price . so went on a monday but they said just for today we are charging weekend prices also they said if you want your two kids to be allowed to play together you will have to pay two adult prices my kids are 4 and 8 and i guess my
this is one of those rare restaurants that everyone seems to enjoy including my wife and i . olivier was not manning the cash register , but mom was in the kitchen so all was well . we each ordered the vegetable quiche with a side salad that
good indian place in food court . paneer butter masala and shahi paneer were awesome . naan is great . thali is not recommended
i own a commercial building that was converted into17 offices . mark has been instrumental in helping me balance the air flow between offices . he also installed additional a c runs that were necessary but overlooked by the original a c contractor . in addition , he installed 4 honeywell smart
i had to take the time to give this place the credit and thanks that it truly deserves . city of the world puts on some great things and definitely helps to support the local artist in us all . i personally have been renting a spot monthly for first friday from city of the world and everyone that runs the gallery is truly very friendly and wants to do what they can to help you further your opportunities . one of the things i really like about this gallery is that when
not a legitimate business . just a front for illegal activities and a lot of traffic including minors
my friend has lived here for 7 years . loved it up until the new management . there were tons of maintenance issues she upgraded to a newer apartment . it literally takes months for them to fix stuff . and they forced her to board her animals to
my rating is based on customer service . i planned on purchasing a set of irons today . i inquired about the calloway xr xr os and wanted assistance in determining which irons would be best and a sales guy said i'm your man . many minutes later i was handed the calloway epic which i did not inquire about . i proceeded to hit 15 20 balls with no instruction or the opportunity to discuss the characteristics of the irons . the sales guy was obviously to busy with the other customer and did not have time for me it the thought of having someone else assist . as i'm standing there for a good 10 15
we just bought a used vehicle from findlay and loved the experience . johnny in sales was knowledgeable , friendly and great
never fails ! i've used these services in the past and had a really positive , fun experience . decided to use them again this year for a larger group . there were 6 of us . sign up on the website was easy . we had to change plans a couple times and switching venues was easy as pie . confirmation emails were timely and clearly stated . we could basically go anywhere which was nice . we walked right up and got right in . no waiting in line and all that nonsense .
they have so many items to choose from the blue coconut is my favorite . it's not to far from my house and i go every week make sure to always get the tropical creme on your snow cone and ice cream on the bottom its worth the taste . they give you punch cards so the more you buy then the more hole punches you get towards a free bahama bucks and i love free . they have a surfer
excellent selection and service . loved the items i purchased here . chuck roast , philly steak meat , and sushi grade
as an indian desperately missing his cuisine , this was the first indian place i tried in tempe and boy was it wonderful ! completely satisfied my craving for indian food and left a lovely aftertaste in my mouth . the bill
eat here for lunch . $ 9 lunch buffet , really amazing
we had a walk in party of 21 . started as just 5 but grew as more friends showed up . we figured we just have one big party . great food the wait staff was amazing , particularly
very friendly and helpful place . the staff seem to be very knowledgeable and helpful . the
the food was really good , and i usually do 5 stars if the food is good and the service . however , the service was kind of mediocre . men that go alone will enjoy better service . ladies , never
i love the used dvd blue ray section . i find myself buying my movies from these guys about once a month . i love how
came back in nov . 2016 and the music was very appropriate for a british esc pub . over the top union jacks and a picture of twiggy draws you in . once inside , they have a
have been coming to lapels for some time now . they always have the order ready on time and have
wonderful service and very affordable prices . i was able to get in the next day and i was in
brixx has great food in a fabulous atmosphere
couldn't be happier . they fixed my smart tv in 2 days and the price is
never have i witnessed such a corrupt and disorganized restaurant . came here for dim sum with family and friends on chinese new year and naturally there was a long line . but as i waited , i noticed customers who knew the staff , coming in after me , jumping the line and being seated . and even noticed some
went in for fingerprinting and was shocked at the lack of professionalism and knowledge about how they are to be done . it was my second time in a ups store getting fingerprints done . the first location i got prints done was in north phoenix and the manager did an amazing job rolling my fingerprints . she cleaned my fingers with water and rubbing alcohol then she personally rolled each of my fingers and they looked great . she even offered to redo them if dps rejected my application because of the prints . for my second fingerprinting i went to this ups location expecting the same
kaya is an amazing restaurant , hands down my favourite dining experience when i was on my vacation in pittsburgh . it's tucked behind this . sketchy ish street where you can park your car along the street . we sat outdoors on a beautiful weekend . we ordered the jamaican jerk wings , ahi tuna poke bowl , and blue bay mussels . food came surprisingly fast , we didn't have to wait too long , considering all our dishes had a decent amount of meat in them . the ahi tuna poke bowl was
phenomenal hamburger ! we were very lucky to find this place . with so many choices in las vegas ,
pizza rock had a lot of buzz leading up to my visit and it lived up
hey , this is really good food ! we ordered chana masala , navratan korma ,
first off , expect a long wait unless you're coming at weird times like the extremely early morning times . this is a 24 hour joint . there's only about 15 spots for patrons at the bar . during normal hours , expect about a 2 hour wait . also , this place is definitely not good for large parties , so look elsewhere if you are thinking about that . the item to get here is most definitely the pan roast . it's a tomato based stew that is cooked right in front of you , as
perfect , we missed the breakfast time but still wanted to try everything on the lunch
the coffee always tastes perfect , the staff is very friendly , and
first time to th . they expected me to understand some standard th things like sugar , cream serving amounts , how to get utensils that i
hands down the worst hotel on the island , like i would rather sleep
this is the first time that i've been to this location , usually i go to the meadowvale location . the food , as always was good , we got the tuesday special $ 0 . 75 wings , roasted garlic mushrooms my personal favourite and the garden crasher . our server wasn't very attentive my drink was never refilled
i've been coming here for quite some time since i live close by . they recently underwent renovation which resulted in an increase in prices and i , as a long time customer , find that a bit frustrating . like any other shisha place , they offer different kinds of heads and add ons to customize your shisha according to your taste . i recommend getting the orange head because it is stronger than a regular head , tastes better , and lasts much longer so you can enjoy your stay there . on the down side , they only serve bottled water instead of tap water and i highly suggest purchasing any other beverage since you'll be paying
the chairs upholstery was filthy and dirty . the samosa was very greasy . the food
i love this place ! i prefer a male , they tend to offer better pressure . this is a reflexology massage . your feet soak whilst they massage your head face . focusing on the pressure points . they will leave the room
incredibly pleasant surprise finding this gem owned by a chef who was on iron chef . the menu was a great balance between seafood i love and non seafood which my wife loves . i initially chose this restaurant just for the grilled caesar which was better than i thought it could be . when our waiter keith offered to give me a half portion of the lobster gnocchi and
good food , very solid . nice , dim interior would make for a great , cozy place to go in the winter .
dr , heather has been my chiropractor for almost three years . she is fabulous ! besides being very knowledgeable , she listens to my concerns and addresses them with care . i highly recommend dr . heather ! in addition , if
after a night out at hakkasan , we headed back to our hotel , the venetian . before going to bed , we wanted a meal and stopped by grand lux . it was already 3am and there were very few customers . yet it took forever to
lazy dog is a great place . the staff is attentive , there is a bar with tvs turned to sports , and there is an outdoor patio where your pup can hang out . the architecture is beautiful and the ambiance is family oriented .
i stopped in here for a drink while out with friends and the place was packed . we ended up having to stand which was fine . the atmosphere is just that of a regular bar but they had a great outdoor seating area that looked like it would be great in the
ihor and dave durrill great people to work with . bought 2 vehicles last
this is my favourite burger place in the usa . i'm on a diet right now so i was unable to try the double double burger . so instead i just got a regular hamburger fries and a lemonade . i managed to stay within my diet and enjoy the most delicious burger i've ever had . this location , like every other one i've been to , is incredibly busy . however , because of the limited , simple menu , they are
yes it gets busy and there is a wait however the customer service is fantastic and the food
my local greasy spoon . i love the milkshakes here . breakfast and lunch food has all been good as well . i've never ordered anything to be disappointed . i tend to go for sandwiches and burgers for lunch , but the chicken chimichurri kabob are out of the world and i
we used to love this place but it's slowly going down hill . perhaps they are just getting too greedy . i ordered my go to , a meatball sandwich , the other night with extra sauce on the side . i noticed that the total was more than usual and when i looked at the check i saw they charged $ 2 for an extra side of sauce that they didn't even bother to put in the bag . when i returned to request the sauce that i had paid for , the gave me a very very small container . when i made a comment about the size
it was an experience in narcissism . i didn't need the whole historical origin story of criss angel , and i didn't need to see video screens playing content that was a decade old or more . the on stage magic is very outdated and from my seat , i could see the black drapes in the back and see how the magic was being done they try to use smoke , bangs and flashes and sharp noises to help distract you but in the end , it's just a very mediocre performance . the 1st large trick is with several doves , criss makes them appear out of thin air , one after another after another after they appear , they fly onto a prop tree , and kudos to the stage hand helping guide the birds get onto the prop tree , once full , they fly out and over the audience , in fact , those birds were quite fabulous , he does a bit with quarters but they are using a terrible vhs quality camcorder so from the balcony on the other side of the theater
thank you to everyone who has yelped about this show . i don't know if i would have noticed it without yelp . this show was perfect . great performers , funny acts , and not a bad seat in the place . get there about 45mins early , grab a drink , and get in line . i don't
haven't even got food yet and i was a little disappointed on first impressions . the brunch did not look good . dirty display of food . also they were out of a few items on the menu . all of the seats in all the booths appeared to be
if this were a review for the staff , it would be at least a four . unfortunately the other attributes of the tropicana drive my enjoyment of this hotel down significantly . in addition to the usual vegas hotel nonsense of being unable to go anywhere in the hotel without walking through the casino floor , the tropicana is much in need of some deferred maintenance . the bathroom in particular , appears quite worn and the tub is cracked and
i went to this location because they had a cheap oilchange . i have my car reularily checkd and servied with my mechanic .
cute bubble tea joint with a few small booths to sit down at , but seems like more of a takeout place . loved the colours and cute little heart toppers
i am a bit of a coffee snob so when i say that i probably had the best cappuccino ever take heed ! the atmosphere is fine , the staff
the menu can be a bit hit and miss , but the red curry chicken with a side of coconut rice is amazing ! the chicken is fresh , and plentiful . i usually substitute
went here three times this week for lunch and dinner . lunch specials on weekdays are a very good deal . lots to choose from . most noodles and entrees under $ 10 , comes with drink and are delicious . we had the spicy beef brisket soup noodle , black pepper chicken steak with rice , portuguese chicken rice for lunch . portions were huge and food came super fast . we were able to box half our portions for home . staff is also efficient and friendly . weekend lunch special menu
the cross creek inn has always been a local favorite . nothing fancy , but good food and great service . the wings are real
worst experience ever ! i made an appointment with sandee because the site said she has 20 years experience and a specialist in color . i went in with hair color similar to reese witherspoon and left looking like kelly bundy ! first time i've ever cries in a salon chair . she suggested i brush
i highly recommend skin by jessica to all . jessica is knowledgeable , professional and does an awesome job .
the service was good waitress was great , ice ice cold beer , however on 7 31 17 went there with family and dinned in . i ordered the fish and chips which is always a favorite . this time i am not so sure . i ate the fish which seemed to be fine , one i tried to enjoy the frys with tartar sauce something did not seem right . i could not eat any more and began to feel sick . we talked for another 10 minutes and i had to vomit ! yes , i ran
no star should be given . ordered a large pepperoni pizza , two large dinner salads and the sampler appetizers . put order in at 8 15pm , was told it would be delivered in 45 minutes . we received the food 9 45pm . the pizza was cold with grease that had already started drying on top . appetizer was placed on bottom of bag which made one of the salads warm . appetizers were luke warm , ordered 4 dressings for the salads , received 2 sour blue cheese dressings . called immediately and was told to call in the morning . called 10 00am like i was
our first cuban try in vegas and we weren't disappointed ! easy to find location . cute interior . nice latin music . we tried the green plantains and combo ceviche for starters . plantains were piping hot with a butter garlic sauce . the ceviche has a mayo dressing . different but super good . huge chunks of ceviche . gotta add the hot sauce for a little kick
the restaurant is super cute and i love the ambience here . the service is very good , though some might consider it slow but it's a small restaurant and isn't too busy
i don't prefer to stay here . instead i enjoy it solely for the botanical gardens . even though you're obviously going to be swamped with tourists i mean what
it's a great low key place . the fruit juices are fresh , and the fish is fantastic . you can even get whole tilapia fish
came back and the food was even better ! everything comes out so quickly and is served piping
big eez fans at our house . is it the best sushi ever ? no . but its consistently good with a nice selection of nigiri , rolls , etc . even a make your own choice . it is a little pricey as other reviewers have noted and that may be the one thing keeping this review at 4 stars . the rest of the menu is solid and changes up relatively frequently to keep things interesting . love the design your own noodle bowls with your
gosh , this is a challenging one . i really wanted to love this place but am not sure i would return . they list gluten free options and that is hugely attractive to me . the bean thread noodle salad was good although the shrimp in it was like eating a rubber eraser which is better than a bad shrimp but not great . the summer rolls were pretty good although the chicken was kind of dry and the shrimp while not quite rubber eraserery had very little taste to it . the other ingredients in them were good and fresh . the hoisin sauce
got to the airport at 0105 and there was no shuttle . tried calling sixt several times and no answer . we walked over with our children in the freezing cold while dragging our luggage . there was a very long line , 1 customer service rep along with 2 other workers . apparently , 5 other workers called in sick so these 3 individuals were overwhelmed trying to assist everyone as best as they could . several customers prior to us could not find their cars . come to find out , the cars were in another lot that the workers could not get to . they finally figured out how to get the cars from the
this place is simply okay . it's not great , but i'm not upset that i tried it . i considered giving it two stars , because they completely forgot to give me the smoothy i ordered . i had to go back and ask for it , and then still had to wait a while to get it . i was almost done eating my meal by the time i finally got the drink . i decided to
fish tacos are oh so amazing ! i have to eat here at least once a week . the food is fresh . the prices are fair . the guys are great . everything i've tried has been excellent ! i love the habanero salsa too nice and hot ! look , some people
veronica has been our insurance agent for years . she's always available to actually speak with us anytime we need anything . she also
the waiting wasn't bad for a valentine's day crowd . the rib eye and the fillet mignon were excellently cooked to preferences . the best asparagus i've ever had , it melts in your
ordered a beef shawarma from skipthedishes , paid $ 1 . 50 extra for garlic sauce and no onions . to my utter disappointment i was given a
pho linh is a very respectable vietnamese restaurant in the keele steeles area . i can see myself coming back here if i'm not willing to make the trip to the jane weston and finch area aka the mecca of the toronto pho scene . pho linh is traditional , authentic , and like most pho
probably one of the best steaks in las vegas . comfortable seating and busy . very busy . lobster appetizer was a bit pricey for the little ,
went there for a late lunch today . seated quickly and friendly . drink and food orders taken quickly . from the minute our waters were delivered to the table our waitress did not stop back to check on us besides one water refill for about 45 minutes . never an update on the food . never an offer to get a drink or an appetizer . food arrives from a food runner or fellow waitress about an hour and ten minutes after order . mind you the restaurant was not busy . my wrap was completely doo doo . it didn't stay together and was luke warm . it was one of the most doo
i just love lux . it is one of those places that is an iconoclastic phoenix gem . the wonderful teas , coffees , yummy eats
spare yourself a headache find another bike shop ! took my bike there for repair to have a wheel trued , work not done correctly , many of the spokes were left so loose they were literally flapping in the wind i could tighten them with my bare fingers , also found the hole for mounting the rear rack had been stripped the rack was also flapping in the wind . took the bike back to the store , waited to speak to the owner who told me that spokes left this loose in perfectly normal i should do my own research and that their tech overtightening stripping the hole for mounting the rear rack was somehow my fault . i was absolutely shocked appalled that a business owner would be so rude , condescending , accusing obnoxious , with
great sandwiches ! in our quest for something good to eat while out of town , i decided on wolfgang puck's bar and grill . we headed on down to the mgm and walked around for a while before finding it . it was a friday just before noon , so it was a little early , and we were seated right away . we took one look at the menu and both knew exactly what we were having . i started with a raspberry lemon drop martini and he started with a coors light . i got a cuban sandwich and my dining companion got a roast beef panini . both came with homemade potato chips . the atmosphere was comfortable and casual , yet very appealing
came here for the first time last night , i'm not going to lie i had a pretty good buzz going before i even showed up but everyone working was sooooo nice , friendly waitress , cool bar staff , nice door man . the bar was full so we grabbed a table and
i recently wanted a simple job a oil painting to be matted and placed in an ikea frame . 2 other framing shops said it'd cost $ 150 to do it , and i was actually on my way to one . but since syllogy was on the way , i decided to drop by and get a quote . the lovely lady in charge explained that an oil painting could not be framed under glass since oil needs to breathe . which the other shops had failed to explain , and probably would have cost me in the long run , as mildew would have
i am embarrassed to admit that i actually like pf changs . a lot . chinese food is generally too greasy for me , but this
tired of stale , chain bookstores ? restless in your community library ? you may want to visit changing hands . especially if you like unusual gifts or novelty type items . aside from the ample inventory of books , you will find such whimsical gifts . i mean , where else can you buy cat butt gum ? or antibacterial gel for ocd ? tabasco flavored chocolates ? have some poltergeist haunting your crib ? well , this place has various sage for purchase so that one may cleanse their dwelling of bad vibes spirits , etc . and , of
this was a great show . i see a lot of shows and i really loved donny and marie . it really made my whole vacation . i didn't grow up with donny and marie but i'm now
this place will take you back home . best cornbread i eve had . and is
this place is another great dive bar on the strip in pittsburgh . the penn pumpkin roll is amazing , but make sure you ask for the cinnamon and sugar around the rim .
convenient place to grab a drink after a diamondbacks game , which is why we ended
if you're looking for something cheap and decent , this place isn't bad . we ordered fried tofu , calamari , duck curry , salmon avocado curry , chicken noodles . we all asked for medium spicy and most of our food wasn't spicy at all except for the noodles
if this is your only option it is adequate . bring something for the kids to do because you will be waiting for a long time . the staff is nice but not well trained and seemed short of basic supplies . our dentist was good but obviously
i haven't had a positive dental experience since i left erie and moved to pittsburgh . i have to say thank you cynthia labriola for making me excited to go to the dentist again ! i was referred to this dentist by a friend that swore that she was the best . i had my doubts since i loved my dentist back home . i was mistaken for sure . the front desk people are incredibly friendly and personable . they asked me a few times how to say my name correctly because they wanted to make sure they pronounced it right , that meant a lot to me . they laughed with me when i told them i wanted to make
i got the sampler plate with 2 ribs , pulled pork , and smoked turkey , blue cheese slaw and mac and cheese and corn bread . first the good the ribs are delicious , not especially tender more on the firm side , but pleasantly so and very tangy . not a lot of smoke flavor , very sweet , but still a treat . best part of the meal . the turkey was good too , not amazing . the pulled pork was a bit confusing . every bite tasted different , some good , some quite nasty . the slaw was very good , not much bleu cheese flavor , but not overly creamy , nice and tangy and crisp . the mac and cheese was a disappointment . it's rare
stopped here for a quick bite and we were not disappointed . the bat or blt was freaking awesome . thick bacon and the fried tomato and dressing brought it all together
this is a reasonably priced place to grab some authentic new york style pizza . the ingredients are fresh and tasty without
amazing ! this hotel is all around amazing . from the moment you get off of the cab shuttle car your are living the vegas experience . located in the center of the strip , easy access to other attractions . nice big lobby filled with flowers and lots of plants . they have a small mall lv , armani , chanel , high end stores located within the mall . i have been here twice and the
decided to make arizona my home for now . stayed here for about 3 months waiting on my pay stubs so i could rent a place . awesome stay really quite it was nice watching the cars go by on the free
the search is over ! after reading the untouchable yelp reviews , i booked a cut with kelly , and i've never had
guess what ? they don't deliver until 5pm . after filtering our search for delivery , this is the third pizza place that yelp info has gotten
i called and left one message in the morning and then one just before noon . both calls the answering system said she was with a patient and they would call back . i left full messages with symptoms and return phone number also stating my availability was
dont use ! completely useless staff . your are better sending or receiving your items by carrier pigeon ! hours of business . when they feel like turning up . heaven forbid you use purolator or get redirected here . if you turn up twice when they say they are open and they don't bother turning up it will cost you $ 20 !
so i ordered up a grand marnier after a recent cavs playoff game . i had finished the drink only to discover that there was lipstick on my glass and i guarantee i don't use lipstick
please for the love of all that is awesome in the world owners read these posts and make changes . first of all i love pier 54 because it is a gorgeous scenery and chill spot to have a drink . you guys have a prime location but your losing local customers like me and at least 10 of my friends because the food is god awful and your bar is starting to look trashy . i've been in the restaurant business my entire life and alllll you need to do is seriously update your menu , use good fresh food , and spend a couple 1000 $ to spruce up the place . everything is torn and ragged and so sad to see it start
forgive my ineptitude with south indian food , but i didn't really know what a dosa was . but if you asked me if i wanted a humongous , oversized , flavoured , savory crepe filled with your choice of spicy and intriguing filing , i'd say yes please ! . and that , my yelp friends , is what a dosa is . this comically large crepe dish seriously , look at my pic , it's the size of a small baseball bat was crisp yet soft , and had a bit of heat from chile oil . the filling was a mix of
played here several times , always a great experience . great caddie staff , especially nicole . hate to see
this place was fine . like everything in vegas it was overpriced and i can make much better pasta at home . i got the spaghetti and meatballs , since it had a lot of positive reviews and i found the sauce to be kind of watery and bland
great food and excellent service . went to this location for brunch for the first time . the service was great and the food was
i was there couple months ago . it took over an hour to get the food . they
we are a family of 5 2 adults and 3 young kids . the restaurant looks good and the food is decent with gluten free options but all this meant nothing with the very poor quality service at this restaurant . not sure if it was the owner but an oriental women with very short hair looks a bit male rushed us in without a smile or greeting and throughout it was quite difficult for us to get any of the waiter's attention to order things . at the end , the bill came with already
this place rainbow has got to be my favorite when it comes to thai ! i had the pad thai and we also ordered pork fried rice super
so i did not know what to expect when first finding this place as it said fames outside . but it was really cool inside with all the different
nicest customer service ! we came in at 9 56 when it closes at 10 , and john let us in with the biggest smile ! he took our order and not a single
i've been here only three times and each time it was on a tuesday night for the half off sushi . beings that this was only the third time i've ever had sushi , i won't pretend to be a
we had tickets to the masquerade party at the 9 in the vault it was our first visit to the 9 metropolitan and i have to say it was a delightful surprise , compared to any club on w6th . the club itself has a cool design with all the old vaults and seating areas . the hors d'oeuvres were great ! the kebabs a favourite . the desserts also amazing with bacon cream puffs and pumpkin cream
stopped in for lunch and were pleasantly surprised . nice atmosphere inside , great service , good prices and the food was excellent . we're vegetarian and , although it was not on the menu , they made us vegetarian summer rolls
been coming here for the past 5 years . my absolute favourite hakka place . they
this was probably one of the first poke places i've been to and i find myself comparing most new places i go to this one . while this place does not let you pick unlimited toppings , their topping choices is probably one of the best i've seen . i have still yet to find another poke place that offers tamago as a topping . the portions are quite decent and they don't skimp on
i heart starbucks ! especially this location the employees here are the best . they work
sweet and delicious . i'm not a big sweets eater but the ice cream at sweet republic is worth it . the waffle cones is the only way to go .
ever since dr . krystal van lowe has left the office is a complete disaster . medical assistants have a rude attitude and are never friendly they could never assist you or answer questions in a timely manner . the doctor rushes because he has so many patients he's trying to see in a short amount
i called to have my air conditioning repaired and within 2 hours my technician , timur was at my home . from start to finish
by far one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've been to in phoenix ! the most bang for your buck by far , at any rate . their pho is pho nomenal ha ! with every kind of authentic ingredient you can imagine ! it's a great place to get a great meal for about the price of a mcdonald's value meal , and the food is 100 times better and better for you ! the fried rice is great , i'm partial
went to this mac in nordstrom last weekend to get my makeup done with some friends before going out . we booked early appointments before 6pm so there wasn't a wait . it was the first time i've ever had my makeup professionally done and i was a teensy bit nervous that i'd walk out with super dark eyebrows and makeup that
i went for lunch on a thursday be prepared . this place is small , so it gives the perception of being very busy . but i'd be surprised if they do more than 60 70 covers for lunch . from the time of my order to the time i got my food was over 40 minutes hard to accept on a one hour lunch break , especially given their limited menu . i ordered the mushroom burger the mushrooms were rubbery and the burger had
mixologist daniel was simply great . his old fashioned smoked using applewood chips was not only delicious but the process of
we have been ordering from here for years . very
i love samie ! she gives an incredible haircut . she's intuitive , efficient and friendly
this place is really underrated ! saddens me to see almost no one here everytime . the food is amazing and the portions are generous . for two people ,
4 stars only because this was the first time here . it was a little loud , but the food was amazing i had the sea bass 5 stars there
if you can't get to a farmers market , go to sanagan's . they have a good selection of interesting types of meat and cuts that you won't see other places .
steak frites medium rare of course super delicious ! cooked to perfection . quiche lorraine melts in your mouth ! vanilla
location strip mall west of the strip on spring mountain road parking ample outdoor parking but spaces are tight description vietnamese by name , but majority of menu items are chinese sprinkled with some thai dishes service expedient service , polite , most of the staff speak excellent english , staff is knowledgeable of the menu quality slightly above average egg rolls below average due to lack of flavor and small size pork
we ate here again today , 2nd time . better than the first , the only real chicago greek gyro in the valley . worth the 25 minute drive . george holds the bar high , no other
this is a nice place to eat during quiet times , when there is no popular sporting event taking place on tv . they have excellent sandwiches that are very large . roast beef , corned beef , and pastrami
i have a teacup yorkie and i've struggled to find a groomer that i'm happy with in az . today i tried see spot shop and i am so impressed with her haircut ! the groomer was friendly and did
when i walked in i took a big whiff of the air . i became a little excited because it vaguely reminded me of new york . i sat patiently waiting . looking at how every single table in this place was packed and there were four parties waiting to be seated , i imagined i was in for a treat . but alas , i am in arizona , haven't lived in new york for 6 years and i simply need to learn to stop chasing the snake . new york pizza only exists in new york and i need to realize that good pizza doesn't need to taste like new
it's tough to go wrong with zoup as it fits every occasion from a warm break in the winter to a decent sit down lunch in the summer . strangely , the first time i came here i ended up
the atmosphere of this place is quite nice it is smallish and fairly quiet it has a fireplace with comfy chairs it has nice comfortable booths for either studying reading or visiting with friends
sure it's more expensive than other locations but thats a given considering its inside the mirage hotel and casino . service was pleasant . he checked on us just enough and we didnt feel rushed , bothered or like we had to wait . ordered the wedge salad to share along with the chicken tequila fettuccini . so good . it was the perfect
this is a vintage shoppers paradise ! the place is stocked full of original vintage finds from the 1920's and on . it may be packed full but it's easy to navigate between the different decades as they are clearly marked in select sections . the prices aren't
25 discount for father's day special . someone at my company got a fairytale brownies assorted gift pack and i got to try the morsels , sprites , and cookies there were 50 in the package ! . i suddenly became a cookie monster and devoured the cookie while typing in the website to order 32 cookies for my dad . what arrived was probably the best packaging for an online delivery i've ever seen i got protective styrofoam inside the shipping box with fairytale brownies' logo , ice packs methodically wrapped in paper to preserve the baked goods' freshness from arizona to boston , and an inner gift box with a large ribbon announcing happy father's day ! i contemplated putting it all back in to give
disney does so much dead on , perfect , right it's ridiculous . the stores are no exception . this store is so much better than arizona mills location . employees are very knowledgeable and extremely helpful . we love the viewing
sorry mod , your management is poor , your lines don't move . i've stopped by twice in the last few weeks and both times , the line just doesn't move . and under your mod pizza sign it reads super fast . i call bull . slow slow slow . your pizza makers
we had the pad thai , the soup dumplings , the onion pancake , and a dim sum item . food quality is very high for the area . service is commendable . there was always someone close by to bring an extra drink , or hot sauce . the atmosphere at lunch time was busy , not too loud , and the food
rundown , slow and lazy staff , poor ambience , dirty ambience , dingy ambience . how did
the staff are friendly and efficient . they were able to schedule me at a convenient time . the technology of exam equipment was the latest available . the staff taking me through the process were well trained . the doctor was very
while on a trip to pittsuburgh , we stopped into this store while walking around the strip district . now , i love to cook , so it was essentially like disney world in here . the store was laid out very well , and it is very easy to find anything you might be looking for . i think my favorite part was that they had a sample of just about everything in a jar that you could smell . i'd much rather buy a spice that i could essentially sample than take
went in last week to get a simple dvd player installed to replace a broken one before a long car trip . the employee can't remember his name said to buy one online then come back and they could easily install it for $ 40 and would only take about 30 min . he was very nice and helpful . my husband came in to get the dvd player installed today . he talked to r and was told he didn't have
i love this place ! i highly recommend this place to anyone ! hott nails has the best staff and service ! i get gel fills all the time and they always last super long , color never chips or anything .
was hungry early so got fried pork potstickers . got 7
we stopped by here for dinner while in vegas and it turned out to be a good surprise . most of the fam bam got banh hoi which is ting noodles weaved together with a side of your meat and veggies . dip this in either the regular fish sauce or the stinky sauce
i would say this place is actually more like a 3 1 2 stars . i was pleasantly surprised with this place . first off the atmosphere here is party all the way . the decor is so totally cool with the caribbean and nautical theme to the max . what a fun place to come . the service here is outstanding . our waiter was very friendly and talkative . as he is local he was full of great information to our questions about town and such . to our delight
my family goes sledding here anytime we head up north for christmas . it's a massive park and i would like to visit it during the summer some time . while all
wow were we just in trouble and wow did meyer's piano service just bail us out . thank you thank you thank you ! our teen age kids were playing the piano on their grandmother's prized mini grand piano . our son left his droid on the ledge and our daughter accidentally closed the cover over the keys and the cell phone fell under the keys . huge ouch ! and huge panic amongst us all . my husband found meyer's piano service in the phone book and placed a very panicked call . we were calmly instructed on how to unscrew two screws so we could then reach our hand under the keys and rescue the cell
i've been looking for the closest thing to ny nj style chinese food in the valley and i think this is one of the two closest to it that i've had so far and thus the 5 star rating . it isn't chinese from ny nj but it's my favorite one tied with maxim restaurant 19th ave osborne . since i live in the west valley , i will be coming back to wong's more often ! started with a welcoming greet from the server and i ordered crab puffs half order , cup of dumpling soup , and the emperor's chicken . the crab puff were large
the last shop i went to rounded off my oil drain plug , so after putting off my oil change as long as i could shame on me ! . i did some searching on yelp i found tempe auto repair which had some great reviews
best cold brew coffee i've ever had ! very expense
great location ! great ambiance ! fun place to get your drink on . mediocre food . when you charge $ 11 12 for a cheeseburger , it's best not to screw up the temperature . i ordered a cheeseburger medium which to me means a warm pink center , and it came out well done completely gray center , hot throughout . seeing the blue pick labeled medium sticking up out of my almost burnt burger made me laugh out loud . it was infuriating , but i was with a large group and did not want to be the a hole who complains when all are just trying to have a good time . total buzzkill . in addition , the meat was bland and tasteless , and the
excellent breakfast place . unlike other breakfast places , this place is not loud . the staff are very friendly and accommodating . i
i've had great care with the professionals at ahc . i'm always greeted with a smile and taken care of . dr . gilreath is kind and detailed with his care , he made me feel taken care of and listened to . kim b . , p . a . is
jackson fans will be satisfied , i know i was ! dancing ! singing ! costumes ! bought tickets at the box office at the
best breakfast ever ! smoothies are incredible , staff is incredible . even the lineup is fun , waited an hour , played my portable speaker
this restaurant is a must do while in pittsburgh . on a recent trip from phoenix i wanted to check out a place that showcased history of the burgh and this was at the top of my list . the food and quality of the items aren't the reason why you come here . you also don't come to be impressed by the serivice . the reason is to enjoy a long time staple of this wonderful city . where else have you ever heard of a sandwich with cole slaw and fries on it ?
this is another example of when i wish there was a half star option . location is what gives this place 4 stars otherwise 3 . 5 . good food , friendly staff , relaxing diner atmosphere , all make this place an enjoyable spot to
the sushi is amazing and the staff is very friendly . the fish tastes
this is my sushi spot . always fresh , always clean always friendly . and they have the best 'all you can eat' price . $ 14 . 99 lunch 19 . 99 for
love this location , food is always good . they don't skimp on the taco fillings
waited about 20 minutes and that wasn't even a aknowledge by nobody . no one said anything they would not answer my
visited here on a thursday night . there were only three other tables occupied . two servers and yet service was slow . took at least thirty minutes to get a reuben and irish nachos . the sandwich was good and the fires marginal served with a mystery flavored ketchup . nachos were cold potato chips with hot globs of what i assume were melted cheese
delicious . my wife and i hit up vietnamese in most of the cities we travel to , and this one was top notch . great decor , prompt service and
tom was incredible . he did everything possible to help with opening the impossible locking mechanism with my business . i turned out that it needed the actual door installer and a power saw to get it open , he
i've been seen by both dr katherine and dr dave since about mid december for . injuries resulting from my car accident . they are both equally amazing , caring and attentive professionals who really care about making you better . they do so by taking the time to listen not just your aches and pains but of your concerns too ! they explain the treatments and the reasoning behind it . the use of the activator is
don't order their burgers . i'm still hungry . for $ 13 you can probably get more food elsewhere . frozen burger , 1 piece of cheese and some bbq sauce
it's hard to know where to start with jessica gelder and shine events . i was given jess' name by my wedding venue as a preferred planner and upon talking to her for the first time it was clear that she was beyond the best choice . not only am i incredibly grateful for being introduced to jess , but i feel incredibly grateful that she agreed to take on our wedding . as all brides know wedding planning has its ups and down , the stress can be high and the number of moving parts can be overwhelming . from the moment i started working with jess , there was never a moment when i ever thought she didn't have all of this under control and or that she wouldn't be there to support me and my family in any way she could . she has a way about her that calms you , makes you feel understood
we were excited to try something new we can't stand biscuits a block away . it's clean neat inside , very generic and boring . the staff is really sweet friendly but i think if they get busy a lot of confusion could ensue . they kind of seem to step all over each other . espresso is a bit bitter shots are pulled too long coffee is a very light
this was our first experience at this restaurant and going to be the last . the worst food we have ever eaten . the sampler platter , pizza and gluten free pizza was terrible . the portions for the sampler platter was small and over
i love bradbury's . i live a block away and head here just about every weekend . their crepes are really tasty and their coffee is great , too . i also appreciate that they have fast wifi and even though it
i came here with a few friends from work to do our fantasy football league . this side of town is still brand new so the bar is spotless . we sat in the back near the big screen tvs and had the whole area to ourselves . from 4 7pm , with a pt's card , all alcohol and pizzas are half off . we got 2
if you are looking for the best facial of your life , look no further . i have never been a huge fan of facials as they always seemed to do more harm than good , but my problem was just bad aestheticians . alana is the real deal and does a phenomenal job . my skin looks and feels so much better . i can not believe that it took me so long to find someone so great . i have tried a number of her treatments and each one is just as wonderful as the last
mother and daughter outing . we had a blast ! great location , easy to find , not crowded , good light . our instructor was katie . she was a ball of fun ! detailed , easy to follow instructions . fun music to sing
went here with a friend on an apparent slow day . the place was pretty empty and felt a bit too urban for the venetian . i imagine this place downtown in hipster ville or town square , but it felt so odd at this casino . in other news the prices are steep for what you get . we ordered the sliders which i believe were $ 12 dollars . we received 3 white castle tasting burgers . they were good and came
i'm actually surprised at how highly rated this restaurant is . it's definitely not an authentic thai restaurant and their food is average . service was top notch though ! i stopped by on the way home to get pad thai for takeout . their pad thai was ok . but could use more spices . it really wasn't anything special . my friend ordered the pineapple fried rice and
customer service is dead . i had a very simple request let me leave breast milk for my son in a freezer for 6 hours between the time i needed to check out and the time i leave for the airport . after calling 4 different departments no one would offer to do that for me each person i spoke to said , try calling this department . , they absolutely refused to let me
i was playing poker at encore and i saw the guy next to me order what looked like a pad see ew that really smelt good , so i decided to order a dish from the wazuzu menu . i ordered the pineapple fried rice with duck . i had a few drinks at this point but
i hung out with some friends at cogburn's this last weekend . the bar is great . our
i like the most spicy garlic trio red hot garlic
best kim bap in town hands down . cute waitresses too i tried some of their soups . i liked the tofu soup everything else wasn't memorable . but , i
had an appointment for an acrylic refill with gel polish , they took me just in time for my appointment , and it took just over an hour . linny did a great job with the shaping i wanted square coffin , she was quite quick but efficient ! no
best in the las vegas area hands down . great prices , great portions . i wish they
took my aussie friend here for dinner last night , with lowish expectations . pros the kangaroo steak and barramundi were both prepared well nice wine selection and our server gave us a great recommendation on a bottle surprisingly good music playing radiohead , etc . cons really , really uncomfortable seating . the cheese plate is uninspired the offerings are pretty pedestrian not even a goat cheese , and the prosciutto was cut in thick slabs . eww . also , the nuts on the plate were just silly the paper thin almond slices were hard to even pick up
with so many burgers available in las vegas from celebrity chefs , i still think i prefer shake shack's . i was a first timer who ordered one of everything . first bite of the shake stack made the taxi ride from the other side of the strip and the line to the cashier worth it . it's the cheeseburger with a fried mushroom stuffed with muenster and cheddar cheese and shack sauce . it's rich and so good in between the soft potato buns . there's never too much cheese so we indulged in cheese fries and i was blown away ! crispy edges and soft and gooey under the almost velveeta like cheese sauce . do i dare say i like this
dr . z and the staff have been extremely supportive , and i was able to adjust the program to something that works for me . i am a lifetime member of weight watchers , but every time i need help eg . after injuries the
the people that work here are extremely nice and replaced my best friends phone screen quite quickly around 30mins , which was awesome . around an hour later we noticed that the screen had cracked again . the phone wasn't dropped , this is unacceptable . came back today to have it fixed again and they told us that they would have to charge another $ 200 to
nice start but considering there 24 hours at 1 am i went to fill me rx and the wait was still a half an hour , the entire reason i came at this
we went here to have brunch with a friend that was driving back to nashville , tn following our meal . we had reservations for 8 and while the food was decent , the customer service was horrendous . our checks were brought to us before our whole group finished our meals . beyond that , the hostess came over and stood right by
roma 1090 is seriously good food . we had a seasonal pizza that was delicious and paired it with chicken parmigiano . the sauces of the chicken in marinara and the
this place is amazing . they carry every brand of high quality dog food imaginable , and the staff are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable . my puppy had parvo as a baby and has had stomach problem ever since . the vet has tried a million things and finally settled on putting him on horrible hill's prescription i d food that cost $ 300 a month for his size .
i went here only because waffle cafe was closed . we got there 45 mins before close and they told us they shut down the dining area 15 minutes before closing time . they honestly looked shocked we even came in at that time . as a family of four , we spent about $ 60 four waffles , four drinks and the thinnest pieces of bacon i've ever seen . needless to say we left hungry . they brought out one waffle at a time and my husband almost didn't get his food in time for us to eat there . we rushed to eat and get out in time not
omg ! so yummy ! make sure you get there early ! the donuts are huge ! i got the grill cheese one the last time
horrible service . stuck here in charlotte because weather caused me to miss my connecting flight . my hotel recommended this place for delivery and i wish they didn't . i placed an order at 9 40pm . they wait until 11 30pm to call and tell me that their drivers car
very professional staff , clean environment . it isn't very far from the strip , but i wouldn't recommend walking ! very fair pricing and friendly people . i would highly recommend
this cafe is amazing ! a must if you enjoy french coffee , pastries crepes . the two chefs are
i stopped in on a mission . i wanted a more breathable helmet for summer riding and i choose trek because i had a gift certificate . being used to small shops where my friends are mechanics , i had my doubts that this shopping trip would be as enjoyable .
i just had a planned surgery here . i had not been in a hospital as a patient in 29 years but i have been on the other side as caregiver to my mom way too many times . cmc was wonderful . the staff was top notch . everyone was kind and knowledgeable . the facility was clean . i think everyone there
this is just like most bd's thay are scattered around the country . they have your standard selection of meats and veggies . they have a good selection of sauces and seasonings . the chefs are very good at preparing the food which came to
i should never expect much for chinese food in vegas . we tried one roll and it was pretty decent . however , it was very small . stay clear of the peanut noodle . overly salty and didn't offer much . plus the noodles were like spaghetti noodles . the curry fried rice was
pho ga and shrimp spring rolls were both tasty , and the service was
vanity nail bar is clean , and probably the most trendy mesa , az has going . they were very nice , however my gel pedicure was not a good experience . i just moved from vegas , and was looking to find a place i could go regularly , but i won't be going back to vanity . my pedicure took 2 hours and not because it was a relaxing 2 hours . it's because i'm pretty sure
what a great place ! those of you in the area are lucky to live close ! every time i'm in town i go
carl is amazing . he has a good crew of guys he works with . they provide honest service and are very affordable . i have been using carl's cool
maybe my expectations were too high walking in but it was just ok to me . first thing you should know is you don't have a set , single server here . all the employees kinda take care of all the tables . we had a waitress take our order and then no one came by for about 30 minutes until the food came out . in that time we had no refills on drinks and just sat there wondering where the waitress had went . well she never came by again lol . we had others stop by to see if we needed anything after that but i just didn't expect that . my sister and i had ordered the creamsicle mimosa . it sounded amazing on the menu but we both were sadly disappointed . it tasted just like a creamy regular mimosa , mostly just cream and champagne . it needed more orange flavor . i squeezed an orange slice into it that came with the breakfast and then it tasted a little better .
wish there was a half star or an unhappy face . it's budget . but so is airtran and southwest and they're money compared to this company . customer service rep was polite but i waited an hour to talk to them
i love mexican food . like , a legit , loyal and unwavering love . i have reviewed my favorite place three amigos , which is awesome . so awesome that you should stop reading this and just go to three amigos and eat an empanada . zapatas is not delicious . at all . we went for a friend's birthday party . they were closing at 11 and we were the last to get there so they told our friend we had to order at 10 30 if we wanted to eat . so , without seeing a menu , we
valentines 2 14 11 bopped in here for a quick margarita tonight before we left the strip . i have only had a full meal here once but the burrito i had was $ 15 and worth every penny . the burrito was double the size of a chipotle style and even
great concept for space in this location . there is plenty of seating , so i imagine you could find a bench or
hailey is the best bartender ever , she's so cute
love this place . bo and staff are awesome . new menu is out and more choices available , less expensive . not just for hangovers ! i don't have that problem although , i highly recommend the regular priced vitamin
thank you brannon and team at citywide home loans ! my husband and i just recently bought our 2nd home in scottsdale and thanks to brannon and his team , the process
dr sanchez is the best chiropractor i've ever been to , he goes above and beyond . very gentle and caring . i've
solid diner . good breakfast . very kid
sat down for a pre dinner drink , the guy behind the bar said we had to play $ 20 to get a drink comped . sure why not , we all put money in the machine at the bar . throughout the our time there he kept checking on our machines 'making sure' we were gambling , we were $ 60 deep . every time he checked he would have to make a comment about
we are having a great night at pomo ! service is great so is the
in my recent shopping adventures i've realized there's a lot of hidden vintage stores that aren't advertised as vintage . they may have some new and they may have some old , but one things for sure , they have a lot of really unique and fun merchandise ! the one thing that really stood out was the fun tea and tea sets . i'm always a sucker for anything tea related , to get in check with me english side of course ! one of the really cool things they offer is individual republic brand tea bags sold in cute packaging . this is ideal if you're looking to try out
absolutely terrible . closet bar to where i live , but i'd rather pay for a taxi to any other bar in oakville .
visting my family for thanksgiving . i was the only one who wanted turkey so i picked up a take out dinner . it was great , good portion , food was good quality and tasted delicious . the vegetables were yummy and a good variety . only negative was the stuffing was soggy instead of moist and fluffy , this may have happened bc the gravy got mixed in . i would suggest requesting the gravy in a separate container . the chocolate chip cookies were so delicious as well as the cherry pie . i will be back to visit for breakfast . i am surprised at the other reviews for this place and other local restaurants . i lived in charlotte before moving to ca and have been to many of the local restaurants .
pita pit is a nice little place on kennedy and progress . you can find it right beside the gas station near kennedy commons . pita pit is not a fancy establishment with great decor or anything , but the quality of the ingredients and preparation are top of the line . personally when i eat fast food , i like the preparation process , for example , subway , harvey's etc . in
i have been a client of esther's for years and i cannot tell you how amazing i feel after every time i get my
first time here and definitely recommend ! the environment was probably my favorite thing aside the
we tried millers for the first time and were pleasantly impressed . the food
this is not my first choice of places to stay , but it was ok , went in the winter season so the pool wasn't open , parking was ok and it is very
i love all the baked goods and i love the cafe area to sit in . the only reason for the 4 star instead of 5
beautiful restaurant with outside seating and complimentary valet . however the food was not up to par . we started with the bread it came with a dip that was tasteless n the waitress did not tell us what it was
entered my room after a day of work to find the room had been entered despite do not disturb request due to not using towels or needing linens changed as well as plastic bag over fire
yasu specializes in omakase sushi set course . there's normally 18 pieces of sushi , as well as dessert and tea for $ 80 . they also have a $ 120 premium course with sashimi and other extra fare . reservation normally has to be done weeks in advance . they ask for credit card info and full meal price will be charge if cancelled last minute . so it's important to commit ! p we had seats at the sushi bar and was able to watch the chef preparing our meal . when each piece was served , the chef would tell us what it
great bulgarian food . fantastic whole fish . ambiance just ok . service good . has some
let's get the first thing straight . i love fish . but i hate cooking it indoors for obvious reasons . now let's talk about how awesome the fish store is . great sandwiches or plates made with any kind of fish you can think of . the two i've tried is grouper and tuna . they make the sandwhich with nice fresh bread
i have been here twice in the last four months and each time i have been very pleased and grateful for the treatment we received . the first time was to have our boy with lymphoma put to sleep and they were very caring and compassionate . during this awful time they were all attentive and sensitive and our boy slipped away in a very peaceful
just bought a beautiful used car from scottsdale porsche . the service was amazing . from the moment i walked in kevin
had a good breakfast buffet . a little pricey but this is a hotel restaurant . had plenty of choices
yummy turkey veggie sandwich on fresh baked cheese bread . the menu is small , but what they offer is extremely fresh and satisfying . there is a large assortment of baked goods , and the cinnamon roll i sampled
tony's has a huge selection of decent quality fabric at ridiculously low prices . their recent setup has been in one room all fabric is $ 6 . 99 per yard and in another room all fabric is $ 12 . 99 per yard . this past weekend everything was 50 off so i got 4 yards of fabric for about $ 15 . 00 . you absolutely can't beat that ! although i had limited interactions with the people that worked there , they seemed pretty friendly and helpful . two notes 1 . tony's has a lot of rules posted all over the
first time here . found this restaurant on yelp . called to see if they were open on new year's day . vet pleasant lady
let see . come early . bring a book , your ipad . a game device . something because you are in for a wait . truly though . it's well worth it . all reviews are raving about the red velvet pancakes and every positive review is the truth ! it's so moist and yummy it's unexplainable . so my little family of 4 2 adults , 2 tweens . each ordered something different so we could all share . mom loco moco which was tasty . nothing special . all beef patty with yummy gravy over rice , topped with an egg over easy . dad adobo fried rice super filling and yummy . this omelet of chicken adobo fried rice wrapped
i had a great time at the show . not to surprising some of their tricks will blow you away . definitely recommend the show and if you have the patience
i can't say enough good stuff about this store . went in late 8 40pm and needed a new phone because my old one broke . signed in but so many people waiting i didn't get seen until 9 10 pm ! 10 minutes after closing . javier said oh , don't worry , we will get you fixed up . i have nowhere to be ! and he spent almost 45 minutes resetting my phone , getting me my new phone , and because the buy one iphone get one free promotion was on and we decided to also hook up a second
very popular and does not take reservations . tried for lunch yesterday 90 minute wait , dinner ditto before finally getting in today for breakfast . food
the food was so good . i spent 79 $ for seven dishes . even the peach sunset tea was refreshing and
ran by for a quick breakfast burrito since i was stopping for gas . i assumed it would be flavors similar to roberto's . i got the bacon breakfast burrito . flavor was so so , nothing to rave about . what turned me off was the fact that they loaded it bacon ends . so , loaded with bacon is usually
we came here with a largeish group to celebrate a few birthdays . my in laws have raved about corrado's forever so it was time for me to try it out . we came in at about 6 on a weekend we had a reservation and while it was quiet when we arrived , it very quickly filled up to capacity . on a recommendation , i got one of their pizzas as most of the family raved about them being delicious . unfortunately , the wait was substantial for our food , whether that was because we were a large party of 9 or because they were busy , i'm not sure .
used to go here all the time . new management changed the format , the great bartenders left , lost all the regulars
this sushi place was designed for me . really affordable sushi all the time why do rolls have to triple in price because it's not between 5 7pm . good quality sushi . great drink prices all the time . my girlfriend took me here recently , again one of those places that are facebook famous for me , as in i've seen friends check in and post pics of plates stacked high but i've never gone . our check in even got 2
great spot . was in and out in less then 8 min . ron was amazing ,
wanted to try a new place out for breakfast . i remembered this place so i decided to check it out . i have to say i looked over the reviews before hand , of course , and was a little jaded by some of the bad reviews . i arrived and was greeted and seated right away . it looked like a very nice place . small but not tiny and pretty busy . i saw on the chalkboard in front that the blueberry pancake combo was featured today . i thought it was a special but saw it on the menu and realized it was just featured . so server came over and was very nice . took the drink order . those came back pretty quick . then placed the food order . he was very helpful even with a very particular special order . food came out in a timely manner and piping hot . pancakes were a good size
they are trying their best to give great friendly service and they do well doing it . i have to give them props for that . but thats where it stops . the food and the atmosphere is not my thing .
when attending university activities , this restaurant was always the first
love lift us up where we belong . where the eagles cry . . . sorry for the 80s moment there , but standing in front of the floor to ceiling windows at the top of the mandarin oriental , it's easy to get caught up in thoughts of flying . and the love bit ? well , i love a well mixed martini . and it's not just the incredible views of las vegas blvd . below that make a mandarin bar martini excellent . the drink menu was expertly crafted . classic drinks blend
this is a wonderful pet care center . the staff is very
everything was pretty much perfect during our stay at the sanctuary resort . we arrived around noon and had reserved a casita but ended up in a beautiful , large suite . we were there to celebrate my niece's birthday and to wish her well before her deployment . our deck was huge with plenty of lounge chairs , seating , and a patio table . we enjoyed watching the bats at night from this spot , and i enjoyed early morning coffee at sunrise . huge tv , two double beds mattresses were not that comfortable , beautiful bathroom , tub , shower area . we had a great experience upon arrival with brett . he was awesome ! check in was a breeze . we were given bottles of cold water and
really enjoyed their food , ordered some food for delivery and it
so while visiting noticed my hands and feet could use a little tlc . stopped in a couple of nail salons but all required an appointment or just couldn't accommodate , after a few attempts we almost gave up . decided to try just nails spa and wow ! tom and his staff were great . unlike other
had such a fun night at churn from the time i walked in the employees , especially jake , were friendly and helpful in choosing flavors . the coffee and butter pecan
this place brings something cuisine wise that i had yet to encounter in montreal . the food was delicious and different . in terms of the actual restaurant it is more of a snack bar set up . smaller groups 4 or less are fine , otherwise it seems like the wait will be long . the decor was nice sort of like an indian diner . a lot of thought has gone into the food
the lovely imran n invited me to hang out with his friends ryan and priyank after yelp's grown up pizza party event . what a delightful surprise . i detect a new love affair . the chicken taco i ordered was delicious , ordering it spicy was the right choice . i had a bite off of imran's steamed bao and omg
papusas here are delicious ! so coming back for more
overall we had a good experience at red , but i do think they could make some improvements . we arrived for our 9pm reservation , and were told they were getting our table ready . we requested a bar table when we made the reservation through open table . we were not sat until 9 40 pm , and were told we could not sit in the bar area . the hostesses did not apologize for our late seating or offer an explanation . however , we were immediately approached by a manager who offered to comp our appetizer , which was nice . we were there for restaurant week , and ordered the mussels , french onion soup , stuffed pepper , filets , and lobster mac and cheese . all of the food was wonderful . i will say that my filet was more on the rare side , and had an odd char on parts of the steak . overall though , it was very good . even though it was restaurant week , the food
every time i have been to this location i am frustrated and disappointed . the shakes either have too much ice that wasn't blended correctly , or rude staff that can't remember what you ordered . i asked for two shakes and paid extra for add ins which they didn't put in . both shakes tasted like the ice or flavoring was
happy lemon does make me very happy ! when you first walk in and see the cute statue of the happy lemon girl . also all the drinks are made with lemon and i love citrus ! location at midland and finch in the newest it spot for food and drink . there's a lot of other bbt spots . don't get distracted parking there's a lot of restaurants and a lot of people . i've been here a few times and haven't had trouble parking . decor it's pretty minimal but it's not like you are there for the atmosphere ! they have tables you can sit at and chat but it seems like most people just
we ordered chicken fajitas for two for my birthday dinner tonight . it was completely tasteless ! as in absolutely zero spices and completely dry . there is some machine that they keep running constantly that has a worn bearing or something and just has this constant high pitched sound that blasts your ears the entire time you're there . i wish the owners at el toro would take lessons from other restaurants in the area to figure out how a fajita is supposed to be made . it was just an overall unappetizing experience . 6 months later . alright , so
i was a little hesitant to try this place out but i'm glad i did . clean place with servers that are willing to
do not come here ! i came with 4 people and my 5 year old daughter to bowl . i requested two lanes of course because my daughter can't play without the rails . the manager at the front told us that we could not get two lanes unless we have 7 ppl , which is ridiculous if you have children . it's not like we wouldn't pay for both lanes . every other amf we went to we did not have a problem getting two lanes . he told us that other lanes were reserved , which is the biggest bs . there were
delicious ! in every way . service on point . nicholas was
great subs as always ! i used to go to another location and was always impressed by the food and service . the servers always greeted you and were kind , however my experience at this location was totally different . no greeting when you came in and all the employees seemed to avoid eye contact with me . weird . but i moved on and proceeded to tell my order to the less than enthusiastic cashier who also appeared to be the manager . then when the server brought our food she just left the sandwiches in front of us without a single word . oooookay ? however i noticed that when some
advisory to groupon users you are not getting much discount since the deal means you only get $
what a great little place in boulder city . have come here twice and each time was a great experience . on my most recent visit was a friday night and it was busy upon arrival . which was around 7 30 pm . it is a small place about 10 tables inside , counter with a few seats and a few more tables outside . many good beers domestic and craft . but the best part are the burgers ! we got two burgers . one with fries , one with onion rings . the fries were fine nothing special . the onion rings were delish ! beer battered goodness . we ordered the dillinger burger and the executioner . oh how i wish
their hours overall are kind of sucky . like , i don't think they're open on sunday . i love pizza on sunday . oh , how i do . sunday is my lazy day i don't do shit ! , so having a nice piece of pizza pie while i dutifully color an aladdin coloring book or watch mst3k flat on my back is great . they're also not open very late . if you only want otto's on a friday night , you're fucked . however , they are very good . i love their pizza . i love it . i ate there
amazing breakfast and even more amazing was the service ! amanda was sweet , friendly , and most of all
this is real italian food , best in toronto . everything is
visiting from pa and was told this place was good . they are lucky they are not in pittsburgh or savannah ga because the food was less than memorable . their wood fired pizza tasted very plain and certainly had no flavor of wood
had the killer shrimp bowl with crab and lobster was delicious great
great service and treatment . very welcoming office staff . dr matt
dish tacos pescados the corn tortillas were old , and they cracked . the mahi mahi was overcooked . the chipotle glaze was unnecessary . price mid teens they charged us dinner prices for a 1 pm lunch . service slow it was about an hour for the
the tacos are amazing ! especially the pastor . and omg they have limes civilization is alive in the valley of the sun ! they have burritos , quesadillas , and enchiladas , which i'm sure are just as good , but i always end up with the tacos . they're just too good to pass up . prices are reasonable , except the $ 1 . 50 they want for a refill on drinks what ? ! . don't get any hot peppers on your food ! the place is small , so if you've got a bunch of people you might have to split up at different tables , there are only two and four seaters . it seems to be pretty clean ,
everything was good with this place until we switched to a smaller storage shed , in the last month our shed has been gone through and left open twice . my things have been hanging out , ripped , and stolen ! if you can't do your job and keep my property safe than why should i pay you to do so ? i do not recommend this place
this place is good , but i don't know if it hangs on the top coffee shops list for me . first off , the vibe is great . there is a live dj killing it . love that . secondly the decor is sort of bohemian hipster meets contemporary flea market . super cool ! got a macchiato that was tasty and then wanted cold brew , but the best they had was an iced americano , which
this place makes the best pizza in arizona ! fresh and fast delivery
this place was great ! scottsdale is not my usual stomping ground so i went based on a recomendation and was not dissapointed . i had the beet salad which was delicious and a side of fingerling potatoes
are you freaking kidding me ? best f ing steak i've had ever . it was probably due to the slathering of foie gras butter on top .
i cannot emphasize enough that this is a must visit , the sign is iconic , it's classic vegas , you'd be stupid not to stop and snap off a few pictures for the memories it only takes 10 minutes . there is a small parking lot located in the median
not sure why everyone hypes this place up . sure , it's healthier food , but it's extremely flavorless and dry , especially for around $ 10 a plate . customer service left much to be desired cashiers
i adopted a dog several years ago from scottsdale pet hotel , and continue to board her here whenever i go out of town . the employees always remember me and my dog ,
you have to like total wine . why ? because if you are coming there you want booze and you want it for a cheap price . i
i first played at braeben when it was still called britannia hills . back then , you could still smell the garbage and the adjacent land was still a landfill . there were not very many houses around the course either . since that time i played the academy 9 hole course a number of times . i liked the academy because it was very challenging for a short course . if you miss the fairway , there was a very high chance that you would lose your ball in the rough and or fescue . the fescue is baaaaad . don't even bother trying to hit out of it . i finally decided to try out the 18 hole course after years of procrastinating . i played on a sunday afternoon at 3 01 pm twilight starts at 3 pm , and super twilight at 5 30 pm . for $ 65 you get a cart for your 18 holes . i highly recommend getting a cart . there are a lot of hills and you won't enjoy your round if you had to carry your bag . both
my first time using their service and it was smooth and very easy . made my appointment online and got
i've been eating at garcia's for over 30 years , they have some of the best mexican food in the valley . it's nice
my family and i were back in town for a steelers game , and visited pipers's afterwards . i had been a couple times before , and even thought the place was hopping with the after game crowd
legit chinese inside a casino in vegas ? what ? yes , it does exist . it may be pricier than heading to chinatown , but its in the strip so if you are just visiting vegas its a good option . i'm pretty sure someone on management just hired the people from
what a find amazing desserts and sweet treats and open 24 hours a day . if you are craving something more meal like especially at 2am the arancinis are a must . otherwise , my favorites
very stylish and minimalistic . lots of natural lighting and white space , including an outdoor patio perfect for ig opps . i wish i ordered
greatest salon ! service is fast and
the perch is an interesting place cute brunch spot by day , hip bar restaurant by night . i've only tried the latter , but i was very pleased situated in the corner of container park , overlooking the main stage area , the perch is aptly named . the interior decor is bright and charming , and in the morning daytime it takes advantage of the ample ambient light streaming in through the big windows . location wise , it's fantastic . it feels secluded , and it definitely doesn't feel like vegas . the
we waited more than 45 minutes for wings and fries . the wings were lukewarm . the fries were soggy . our friends ordered a veggie wrap and veggie burger . they were also cold . the server didn't give a crap , never mind apologize . it was also uncomfortably loud . we couldn't hear each other speak then , and we can't hear anyone
i visited a healer's hand after purchasing a groupon . i read some negative reviews right before my appointment and was considering cancelling . i am glad i decided to check it out , though ! i had a great experience . kristen was very professional made me feel at
this restaurant is amazing . they really go above and beyond for customer service ! the food is good . it's definitely a fair price for everything they offer . with a fancy drink and food for two , you're looking at less than twenty dollars a person . when you include the atmosphere and quality , it's more than fair . the drinks are definitely a selling point , very good and underpriced . they
excellent patties ! a buddy of mine is a patty fiend , so when we heard about patties express we had to give it a shot . a tiny spot on elm street , this place is made for patties to go . beef mild , spicy , extra spicy , chicken curry , and veggie spicy ? are the options . we
the two people at the bowling lanes snack bar really need help . they are working their butts off trying to
take a picture with the coca cola bear ! he'll bit your head for fun ! its great ! they let you take a picture with your own camera , and then they take it with theirs , green screen working and all . the bear is pretty funny , his eyes , ears and mouth move . take a picture with him . you can be the penguin and he'll be the polar bear that rips your head off ! the store is filled with lots of coca cola products , pretty amusing . but upstairs after you get your pictures , they have a soda fountain counter .
terrible terrible will never step foot in there again to be honest i never loose my temper but the short hair lady working there check in is rude beyond rude i've put up with her for the past year now , because this is my moms doctors office and i help my mom get to her appointments but seriously after today and her snotty roll her eyes hiss at me attitude um
oysters and mimosas ! i came here a bunch of times it's a great spot to hang out and have some great beers . sundays buck a shuck is awesome $ 1 oysters and $ 5 mimosas are nothing to ever complain about .
where do i start ? ! this place is the pits ! i came here with my friend as her guest ! we got in very late , after a 4 hour drive , tired and exhausted ! checked in , drove to our room , opened our door to the room and we were just flabbergasted ! it looked like a crime scene or someone was there trashing the place ! my friend called the front desk to complain and they acted like we were bothering them ! their customer service sucks ! then finally security came with new keys to a different room and he was so embarrassed about the whole situation ! he even took pictures of
the show is cheesy as heck , but my daughter loves it so its all good . loud pyrotechnics . very stuffy especially if you're an asthma sufferer like me . no restroom inside . meal very tasty . cornish game hen , a piece of broccoli , two small potatoes , a biscuit , apple tart for
the cafe is located next to planet hollywood . it's a fun themed restaurant with great food . the decor is awesome , real harleys are on display in a conveyer belt pretty cool . the food is tasty . we had the mac and cheese you can feel your arteries hardening ! and pulled pork sandwich just the
had dinner with five friends here a few days ago . we're from boston and trust me when i say we have good sushi . this restaurant's strength is the ambiance . the view of the strip from the main window is great , and the decor is competitive with the best of them . music is new agey lounge , but i know a lot about this genre and it could be a lot better . the food was fairly good taste wise when compared to other sushi restaurants in its price range .
had dinner there three weeks ago for the first time . the food was exceptional as was the service . i had the stuffed pepper appetizer and it was one
camden legacy has a ultra strict background check that is insane ! they somehow got into my juvenile records and denied my application process because of a misdemeanor battery charge when i was 16 . they claimed i was waived into adult court never happened ! i have rented from multiple places before and never once did my juvenile record come up . it's non of there business what happened when i was
bowls are huge and chocked full of tasty ingredients
it has been about 6 years since we dined at streets of new york . this time we ordered a thin and crispy pizza , a caesar salad and bread knots . from my memory the pizza was better than i remember but not great . however , the salad was not edible in fact
nice food . poor service . also seemed quite
when the same place has punjabi , gujarati and south indian dishes , you cannot avoid doubting authenticity . from the place and people it looked more like south indian
wait was ok . cashier was friendly , happy full of energy ! all other employees flat to costumers but energetic to each other
worst . like a fake korean using the term loosely . 416
for 17 years i have been coming here when i need hardware stuff . almost every hard to find item i have brought in they have been able to get and most of it has
awesome service , very friendly , and amazing sandwiches ! if it's
i went in just for a pie to go . i purchased a pecan pie . it was middle of the road and a bit dry not as good as village inn pie . service was average and they seemed a bit disorganized . i was
they shall think about source out better pastries
stayed here one night and loved it the room was nice
nice patio , lots of beer , specials on beer and food , attendant
happy hour discounts only in the bar ! bean dip is nice to have but not anything special . chips are great . red salsa is
i've known crystal for years . she is an amazing stylist and has a knack for finding the best stuff ! i love when her dth comes into
they've just opened , but the staff was so welcoming and patient as we group of 4 ordered . the place is clean and the decor is really cute . we ordered a four drinks cookies cream smoothie , mango smoothie , matcha
this place nestled in near a sprouts shopping center is probably one of the most authentic cantonese food restaurants out here in phoenix . outstanding food and not too salty . try the dumpling vegetable soup to start . use the bowl to eat your main dishes and rice . try these 3
i haven't been to this restaurant in years so this time i went to a wedding reception . the new building is nice as well . the reception was set up outside on the patio area and was well decorated . the staff were nice and even though i'm not big on tapas food it was served as different samples
i always come to this restaurant bc i think it is worth coming back to evert year ! only disappointment is they did not have stone crab my favorite . maybe next time . the filet
i would rate no star , told us to pull to the stall to wait . 15 mins later no food ! walked in and they said we're making everything fresh ? like
got the chorizo breakfast burrito . it was ok , just a little too greasy for my likings . and when i say greasy , i mean it looked like i killed someone afterwards . i know that the chorizo
i had passed many times by this place but never went in . but this time we came in for lunch while walking around trying to decide where to eat . it has such a trendy vibe inside , full bar , and small dining area . but if you go outside , the feel of the vibe completly changes . its more of a romantic backyard setting with umbrellas and if you peek over the wall by the fire place , there even a small hangout area with a teeter totter . the food was great . huge portions too
i have stayed here twice , and both times i stayed in the one bedroom terrace suite with strip view . man , the rooms were just beautiful , and the terrace facing bellagio's fountain is just so breath taking . i do not play in cosmo often but their rooms are always my first choice if i am not getting any
this place is a scarborough legend and hasn't changed much over the last 20 years since i first started coming here as a teen . the menu looks the same . the parking lot looks the same . the interior definitely hasn't changed . even the people look the same save for one or two . but that's what makes any great business even greater the consistency . that and value . for less than $ 10 tax in , you will get fed well here . typically get the banquet cheese and bacon burger and an onion rings . the burger tastes the same as i remembered it . it has
not sure why the reviews are so tremendously horrific , but they are ! but i 've been going here for two years now and continue to love it the chicken wings are truly
i've gone a few times for drinks , tried the food for the first time yesterday . i had the 4 cheese baked mac cheese . it was incredibly rich with roasted garlic and grape tomatoes mixed in , and pretty much put me in a food coma . my partner had the steak pie . pie crust was light and flaky , meat was tender , fries came with a side of curry sauce . but lets face it , you're here for the scotch . and if you're not sure about scotch , this is a great place to learn . extensive scotch menu ranging from the affordable 10 year olds to some very expensive , premium 25 year olds , and everything in between . if you're indecisive or still learning , there are some interesting flights at the back of the menu that again range from an accessible try $ 19 or so , to the super premium $ 100 or so . if you're not sure , just ask the staff . not a scotch drinker ? shame on you . although i think i was the only woman sipping scotch last night . there
stayed here for the first time this past weekend . went to vegas on whim and ph offered the best price for what i was looking for . centrally located on the strip which made it very easy to go around all
this is the first time i have been back to chipotle since the sickness issues it was having . i have to say that the place is still very inexpensive for what you get , but the flavor is all but gone form their food . since it is all . made off site it is no . bettwr then food service in terms of taste . it is sad as i used to love them but no more . i tried the new chorizo which was just ok . it was very dry and did
i'd give them negative if i could . horrific management company . they will try to rip you off . the washer and dryer didn't work for 7 weeks and i complained , but it wasn't until after someone who isn't normally in the office to take my concern seriously . management is rude once moved
one of the few breakfast places in the aria and there always seemed to be a line in the morning . the food is quite good and they did a good job on making an americano . prices are ridiculous $ 8 for a yogurt parfait ! but this is the case with vegas now . the service is not great . the line is due to the amazing slow pay out process . not sure why it
wow . i'm vegan and haven't had a calzone in a long time , and this place blew my mind . so many vegan options , and they were all delicious . we got the vegan stix ,
we live in fh and have been wanting to try this place . we walked in and the hostess asked us the typical questions . well , she whispered actually . i had to ask her several times to repeat herself . you think she could've at least went up a decibal or two ? no . the music . it wasn't italian , which was disappointing . decor is nice but again , nothing italian about it . the russian waiter was polite , well spoken and accommodating . i ordered a white russian drink . it had no khalua in it ! sent it back .
stayed at this hotel on 7 19 13 7 21 13 . first thing is that i would have expected much better service than what we received . we splurged on a spa suite for our wedding weekend . when i arrived at the hotel to check in , they tell me they can't find my room . i begin to panic , but was able to find a confirmation number from expedia we booked through them . they finally find my reservation just to tell me that they don't have a spa suite available , but will be happy to compensate by giving me $ 100 in slot play . ummm . $ 100 ? ! ? ! i paid nearly $ 700 for 2 nights stay in a spa suite . you want to downgrade me to a regular room which runs about $ 150 a night . so that's nearly a $ 400 difference and you're going to give me $ 100 ? ! ? ! ? ummmm . i think not . if you're going to give me a regular room , then
if you want to have a terrible experience rent a car from this agency . they try to change what you ordered and up the price . the service line was 40 people waiting to be helped and many unhappy people
well i went there a couple of times . thought oh my gosh it's so thick and it's cheap . but now i know why it's cheap . i've threw up twice . then decided to take a look at what's inside
mat has handled all of my business contracts and he's as good as it can get ! he is responsive , upfront , gives guidance , attentive , trustworthy , reliable , and is everything you need in an attorney . he is very
stopped in this morning and no one was there . this place is a joke . hours say
it is amazing , the sushi and the hibachi was absolutely delicious . great
went to the harbors waterpark on wednesday and it was a disaster . 1 . both wave pools were closed . one was all day and the second was due to not having enough lifeguards . 2 . they sold us a drink container that had a dead mosquito plastered to the side . didn't see it till we had already taken drinks . thanks for the zika , carowinds . blegh . 3 . huge line at the lazy river and they made you get off after one revolution . there were tons of tubes to go around and they were still making people wait . 4 . three splash pools open for little kids , no rides for kids too small to be on the big kid rides like the slingshot or the race tubes . our 9 year old was really bummed because he didn't want to play with the babies but he wasn't big enough for the only two other rides they opened . 5 . asked one of the people standing in front of a closed ride why they can't open any other rides . said they were understaffed . i asked where the manager was . said there wasn't one in that day .
okay had a good time food was good wife had the prime rib plate for only $ 12 . 00 and i had the average chicken wings 24 for $ 18 . 00 but the cosmo drinks was $ 13 . 00 each and my double jack and coke cost me $ 18 . 00 each with a 2 drink minimum and we were there drinking with friends for 3
my husband and i don't eat at chain restaurants very frequently . we try to avoid them when possible . saturday night when trying to decide where to go out for dinner we are running out of food in our house , i had a list of places i want to try . however , my husband didn't want to spend more than $ 30 on dinner no clue why , so all of my ideas were out the window . we decided on applebee's since i had a slight craving for a mucho mudslide . the only highlight of our trip to applebee's was my mucho mudslide it was yummy . my fried chicken salad was large for a half size and was pretty good . i'd be concerned if a place could really mess something up as simple as that . my husband got the ultimate trio basically he got to pick three appetizers . he ordered the mozzarella sticks blah . they were barely hot and not as good as they used to be back
tortillas hechas a mano ! excelente service and the food is is delicious . .
love the vibe and the decor , the place gae off a downtown , hipster esque vibe instead of your average sit down restaurant . came here on a saturday night , the place was packed . service was quick , they brought out more fish cake and more tea when we were running low . had the bibimbap . amazing ! you could hear
i went for the first time a few days ago . i got an umami bowl and it was excellent . the man behind the counter could tell by how long
my nephew and niece , ages 12 and 11 respectively , love this place and talk about it all the time so i thought i'd give it a go . wow ! i'm a fan now . considering it was my first time visiting i was kind of unsure about how to build a pizza so shane walk me through the process . then he turned it over to monica who did the toppings for me , and i requested it's being done well done happy for paul put it in the oven he explained to me well done and the different levels of it and let me choose which one i wanted the most and damn the pizza came out perfect . but i believe the best thing about going to mod pizza here on elliot
love the food , atmosphere and good looking men here . our server was one of the few straight men in there ,
a friend and i had lunch there today . it's the first time i've been there . the hostess and our server were very friendly . my friend and i hadn't seen each other for a while and the server let us catch up she kept stopping by to see if we were ready to order . i ordered the coconut curry rice bowl with apples , ginger
you know you're getting old when bathroom and kitchen fixtures appliances get
my low rating is mainly because of the terrible service at this location the food is the same as any other location . i live and work nearby so this is closest location to me , i do go here often and am repeatedly disappointed by the service . it's obvious the employees
i purchased some chocolate , underwear , and tank tops here . the selection was good , and the prices were low . i felt uncomfortable with the disabled cashier who spent a couple of minutes holding each of my thongs right up against his eyes and nose to remove cheap hangers that could have just stayed on . don't get me wrong i think that it is great that walmart gives him a job . i was
got a number 7 wanted to get a quick bite and had high expectations of this place . the sandwich was soggy with old lettuce let
first time getting my car's body repaired , and it was easy . someone hit my car in a parking lot , and it was a hit and run . made a claim through my insurance and these guys handled the rest . it was super easy . jesus took the time to show you what the plan was , instead of just take your money . with a ton of customer service experience myself , it was
super bad . i ordered a pita salad and the lettuce that he put into the salad was clearly wilted and going bad . it was pretty much bright orange in color . the chicken was completely uncooked and rubbery
came here for my mama's birthday and realized that my family's go to place is always a cjinese restaurant . no matter what state we are in ! here's the breakdown 1 . price check in and get 5 off lunch and 10 off dinner . we ordered a gang ton of food . i'd say around 12 or 13 plates of ala carte . whole bill was $ 193 . 00 . and the . 10 off of that , and then automatic gratuity was added . not bad right ? 2 . service alrrightt . lets get down to the knitty gritty . docked the stars for this one for a number of reasons . one being the wait time . first order came in about 10 minutes later . second platter came in 20 minutes later . all in all , we waited a good 40 minutes for all 12 orders to come in . lol ! so we were already full by the time all food came . fried rice being the last on
i really wanted to like this place as i went because of all the positive reviews . we got there and the place was full on a tuesday morning , a good sign . we were seated right away and we brought our drinks . we ordered . as we watched several other people come in and be seated and get their food ,
we received our order the other day and we spoke to the driver who had nothing nice to
i saw that rainbow garden offered korean chinese food so i thought i would give them a shot . i ordered a jajangmyeon and tangsuyuk for takeout . prices were comparable to what i would pay back home near chicago . the portions were pretty decent as well . taste wise the jajangmyeon was good , but not as good as back home . there were lots of pieces of seafood and meat in the sauce , although it was a bit greasy . another reviewer
the secret is out . think pink spa does the best shellac manicure in the city . they are friendly , quick , affordable and best of all their work his high quality . shellac manicure is $ 30 or $ 45
my husband and i had never been before but had heard good things about empire . we decided to go last night with our 3 year old . it was after 7 00pm so i wasn't sure about taking him but we thought we'd try it and if it wasn't kid friendly we would try somewhere
for a fast food joint that specializes in sandwiches these guys kill the competition of subway , firehouse and quiznos . bread is great . the amount of veggies including mushrooms , the amount of sauces including pesto , and the amount of options
gina is amazing ! her silk floral arrangements are beyond beautiful ! she really set the bar high . at my wedding i kept getting compliments from people on the arrangements . when i shared that the arrangements were silk arrangements , people could not believe it ! my bridal
i had a similar experience as most other reviewers . i bought a groupon , made an appointment , had to reschedule my appointment and
casey is the man ! he takes care of us every time we go in there ! and jay gave
i think an update is due as i finally got around to trying the dinner service here . i cherish my visits to this plaza as my fav grocery store is located here . alas most of my trips are during daytime and few and far between maybe that ought to change and with the groceries loaded up i just grabbed a quick lunch on my last visit here . this was a planned visit so i took my time this visit . what i like about this plaza is if you don't sell authentic japanese food you won't last here as it is frequented by people who know what japanese food is supposed ought to be . i came here to try their grilled items specifically as luv binchotan charcoaled stuff . i ordered the takoyaki as its on of the best in the city imo . the unaju looked tempting so had to order it . for good measure also added an order of wagyu skewers . they have an ok beer and sake list which is worth a look . the takoyaki is still its old self i .
i am a huge procrastinator when it comes to going to the dentist . i put off a visit to the dentist for way too long i came in with a terrible tooth ache and their professional front desk staff got me in to see a dentist right away . i ended up
i absolutely love the food . brought my kids over to eat as hubby is out of town and i did not feel like cooking . plus i know i can watch the cubs game as well ! my only complaint was that i could not have a normal conversation with my family at our table , or even order my food with the waitress as the tv packers football and music played at commercials was extremely loud . i thought it was just me because im old , but i could see others leaning into other peoples ears to talk and i find
terrible customer service . i ordered delivery through just eat and it was an awful experience . the food took almost 2 hours to arrive when the restaurant is right down the street . food was cold and soggy , the restaurant never contacted me regarding delivery issues i had to call them and they weren't helpful at
i've walked by here many times and recently read they had great shepherd's pie so we decided to try it out . it was an ok experience nothing overly exceptional to write about . the atmosphere is nice very cozy with a fireplace and some comfortable chairs . when we walked in , i thought i would love the place . we sat down and i quickly realized this visit was probably going to be mediocre . first , for an irish pub they have only two irish
with my relatively new vegetarian preferences , i'll try just about any restaurant with tempeh on the menu . aux vivres rewarded me nicely . great rice bowls , sandwiches , smoothies , and desserts ! food portions were just right for me . i loved the blt , buddha bowl , thai bowl , bombay banana , mango lassi , and chocolate smoothie . food disappointments were the veggie lox sandwich done well but not something i would normally crave and the cafe frappe the flavor wasn't quite right for some reason maybe too much
amazing wine in a laid back environment with friendly staff
worst pho in town . meat all fat . broth all wrong . number spice
made another delightul foray into hong kong style cuisine , with yet another friend who instantly became a fan not surprisingly . we had the salt and pepper squid , which was so good crunchy and pleasantly spicy , and it came as a generous serving which i've come to take
this place is a solid 3 . 5 stars . 4 for the decor , 3 for the food . i swear sometimes i think i'm white . i'm actually asian but bc the majority of my colleagues , coworkers , friends , etc are white , sometimes i don't feel very asian . but then i walk in a place like this , and i instantly
went for dinner on weekday the food was below par . a little disappointed since i was expected better . i had a cobb salad which was very avg chicken was dry . very casual setting . service was fine . bartender however was very unprofessional . she was talking on her
such a great experience to get my kids to try something new . only suggestion is maybe not to go on sunday evenings without
this is a great value in las vegas . the show was really good , lots of energy and great songs . the band and dancers were great , and the star was great
takes time and explains everything so
came here with my mom , i got the chicken pad thai and she got the yellow
a great place for a bowl of noodles . one of only a few places in lv that
the staff is friendly . i find great deals . i love using the cartwheel app combined with the target
this is one of the most high end restaurants in toronto . it's also a favourite among celebrities . you always hear some story of some star eating there during film festival . it's super small and cozy and kind of off the beaten track because it's up avenue rd . instead of right in the
food the food was good . the dishes i would recommend are the octopus tacos and the hakka wontons . drinks this was my favourite part ! i will probably come here for the drinks alone . i had the tom yum inspired cocktail 2 glasses of it . my friend had the one that came in the tiki glass which i think was the mai tai . the drinks
i've reviewed over 30 jj gyms in southern california , this is my first one i tried out in vegas . i was honestly expecting very little , but i was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the people to roll with there . there were three black belts who i think were all instructors there , but all three of them rolled , so that's good , i believe two browns , and maybe two purple's , although i can only for sure think of one . a couple blue's and quite a few whites , as is the case with most gym . for it being a small gym , the quality of students was good , and if you live in the immediate area as
a year ago , the spot was our favorite place to go for friday fish fry . they had a nice piece of walleye spiced well and pan seared perfectly . the past two times i have been there , i was served 3 4 small pieces of greasy fish , maybe 2 ounces , definitely not more . the order typically comes with sweet potato pancakes though i often order seared greens instead because i can't eat gluten . but , my partner has ordered them off
worst food i've ever had ! i've been here twice since the new company took over and as a bouncer who used to work here back when it was mez , i can tell you , they have really screwed the pooch on this one . the first time i went must have been right after they opened and the pizza i got was ok . pretty big size but not all that flavorful and too hard to eat . little did i know that compared to the pizza they serve now it would seem like the best pizza in the world ! i went about a month ago and got the never ending pizza and i swear the regular one was a crappy microwavable pizza smaller
this was our first visit to tru burger . ivry our server was very nice and explained menu items well . great personality .
we had a wonder night with a friend from long ago and experienced a fabulous meal
straight up amazing . everything hands down satisfying
thus is my second time here . today is not busy at all and i been waiting on my food for over
this the best ever in laveen . andy you out did yourself on this new shop kelly you are the
this has been our regular breakfast spot for nearly 9 years ! we love the traditional benny and the carnitas skillet ! we've had delicious lunches here as
the environment here is very nice . staff seemed very friendly and helpful . the cornbread bisquits are amazing . should have just ordered those . the ribs were probably the worst i've ever had . i ate one and couldn't eat anymore . the texture was off . too soggy or something . but i think the sauce is what really made it un eatable
the food was good , the service was amazing , they were super polite . i had the enchiladas and
came for lunch with my parents . the building and history behind the place is beautiful . old bank building incredible architecture . food was good smallish lunch menu but
i really like this place . i've gone to the original location on 10 av several times . have been now to the new location formerly giant hamburger and nothing has changed in terms of quality . i feel the chicken is fresh and delicious .
i had to stop by garrett popcorn shops after reading a tip from a yelper saying that garrett popcorn shops is popular in chicago . i love popcorn , so i thought why the heck not ! if you plan on getting some to bring home , i suggest you go the day of or day before you leave vegas because garrett's doesn't use preservatives in the popcorn , which is always good . i tried the milk , cheese , and butter popcorn and bought 2 small cheese and 1 small butter . the total was about $ 12 a little pricy for popcorn , but it is vegas , so everything's expensive . milk caramel popcorn with milk chocolate warning if you have a nut allergy , don't get this ! the employee informed me that they pop this popcorn on the
came here on a recent trip to calgary and had very high hopes . i used to be a big fan of nellie's on 17th ave though i just found out about their health violation business . eeps ! and i also adore marda loop . overall it really wasn't that bad , but it wasn't that great either . the cherries for my stuffed french toast were just cherry pie filling from a can , which while
ordered the cheese omelette and added bacon and onions . it came with potatoes and toast . maybe just my taste buds but despite the reviews i read , the rosemary seasoning is overwhelming and the potatoes seem undercooked . looking at empty plates as i left , i see lots of uneaten potatoes so i suggest the chef rethink
excellent slice of pizza . meat was on delicious . cheese was gooey . what else do
tony was such a great help amazing to work with . he helped my husband get a car , with really bad credit . we desperately needed it , they worked with us to get a car for our needs . we had some unfortunate circumstances happen where we needed a 2nd car , again tony took care of us
we have been here twice in two weeks and the food is very good . nice portions , fresh food , served hot . the restaurant itself is clean and spacious although i'd like to see a little more attention given to the drink area where customers don't take great care in serving their own soft drinks and leave a sticky mess . otherwise , no complaints about cleanliness or organization .
not impressed with wednesday night trivia here . the music is playing too loud in background , servers are polishing silverware and singing happy birthday , making it hard to hear the questions .
amazing ! the gluten free mac and cheese was to die for accompanied by a perfectly poured pint ! good service , clean and reasonably priced . perhaps a couple of dollars more than pub food but the the quality
i went to see dr vogel today for my first pain management visit . i've been treated by my primary care physician for pain for five years . i waited for four hours to be told nothing is wrong with me and i didn't sustain a brain injury in a rear end accident . i believe this was dr vogel's pa . i left
we've tried a couple entrees one night and they were over sauced and bland . the only real highlight at this place is the garlic knots , very good . i've gotten the two slices lunch special two times . and each time i've gotten offered different things and different prices . it's supposed to be 5 . 95 for two slices and a drink . last time i got toppings included and a huge cup for my drink . this time i had to pay extra doesn't state anywhere that toppings are extra and got a small cup and the kid
i would give rita's italian ice 5 stars but they don't carry chocolate italian ice a matter of fact they don't have chocolate italian ices in the whole state of arizona , why i don't understand , chocolate and cherry together is the
this is the worst place on earth . come here if you want to be disrespected ! we paid over 2k for
one of the best pho i've been to ! love it . soup's delicious and people are very nice .
just had botox and juvedern completed on tuesday . oh gosh , even though a slight bruise on lower lip , i can tell these are turning out incredibly wonderful . the staff was great . they run a very nicely time managed office . alissa was very nice . melanie is
love this place . food is clean and tasty . the most important thing is here is $ 1 2 cheaper than other all you
i'm happy this place opened up at the galleria mall a few years ago . it's a great neighborhood place to drop in for a tasty brew and a bite to eat . last night , i tried the black and bleu flatbread and it was delicious and a good size i was plenty full after eating half of it and two beers ! . michael tried the pork schnitzel and said it was good , but a bit bland . i tend to
good service , courteous , lots of available vehicles to choose from , even on christmas eve . this facility operates a little differently from others in that you don't just
in my quest for finding decent , fast , cheap , delicious all you can cram aycc indian restaurants , this is absolutely a must eat . i don't know how much it costs since a friend of mine bought me lunch , but i know how he rolls . so it can't have been more than $ 14 . i had a thorough sampling of several types of meaty deliciousness and i was not disappointed . the rice was ok , but the naan was spectacular . you can even see the chap making them at a breakneck pace . the veg items were all just as tasty and i even tried a fish dish that was excellent . the menu changes constantly though depending on how much of what flora or fauna they can get at the best price per tonne .
yikes . i have been waiting on submitting this review since i just could not find the right words for this place . like si said earlier , this is not my typical scene . i am uncomfortable in bars . generally , i am crying into my heinously over priced , poorly mixed drink in the corner . but that is not relevant to this review at all . pfff . i am not cool enough to understand why people like this place or why it is cool . this has to be one of the smallest dance clubs ever constructed . are these cramped quarters good , so that someone is guaranteed to unknowingly grab your ass at some point in the evening ? also , the layout for the place , with two different mixes of house music permeating both floors , is obnoxious . it truly feels like the cool peeps are dry humping each other upstairs , and the not so great peeps are downstairs wishing they
once upon a time , downtown pineville was a deserted wasteland of yarn shops , antiques and hair salons . there was rarely any life on the streets and as a young adult who lived here , we had to drive allllllll the way to the center of the city if we wanted any type of craft beer . when the tiny wooden sign that said pintville appeared one day , my husband and
burgatory makes a damn good veggie burger it's vegan too ! , with lots of great topping options . on tuesdays , they also feature a vegetarian vegan special , and a vegan shake ! they also seem to play some better music on tuesdays music for vegetarians the smiths , the cure . . even though this is a loud , happening
. shopping at cross iron mills works up an appetite and what can you do when you need to waste sometime before a movie and want a beer ? go to a pub , that's what ! we walked on in and sat on the lounge side apparently children are allowed on the other overall i thought that our waitress was friendly and service was good however there were a couple short comings . i was delivered the incorrect beer no big deal really , our waitress was good about it and took the other one away and got me the one i wanted . the second thing that bothered me was we got 2 starters and 2 mains all at once . where
disappointed and not impressed . no flavor . from the pizza to the ranch dressing . not even after loading it with seasonings . staff didn't remember what was supposed to go on the
hands down best reptile store i have shopped at . the owner is typically in the store and is very knowledgeable in his trade . i purchased the full setup for an aru green tree python . after pricing and researching for months i found predators to be priced as , if not better , than online pricing without the cost of shipping . being a small shop in comparison to a petco or petsmart his prices were better and the customer service and knowledge well surpassed anything you would expect .
great coffee and it's great to support a local place ! there was a huge line but it
the food was delicious and the atmosphere was upbeat . just a few tables so maybe call ahead and reserve a spot . didn't get a chance to take any photos of the food but everything was
a year ago this was my favorite buffet in vegas . perhaps i had just tried a few better places since that visit , but i felt very disappointed in the offerings this year . there were no hot crab legs , most of the mussels were closed and inedible , and the macarons
i went to porkopalis for the first and last time friday for lunch . your food is terrible ! worst bbq i have ever had . brisket tasted like dried out pot roast and the dirty bird turkey , the toast was aweful and tasted like your grill needs to be cleaned
the rio is a relatively nice place . it's comfortable , and the property is large with good amenities . pool area is good . staff is friendly . why 3 stars ? although the property
vic aka chili man works across from our food cart on tuesdays and thursdays , and i must say does have some of the best dogs i have had . super nice guy , chili and bbq
favorite place to go to uptown during the week . great bar staff , fun atmosphere , and
this place does standard indian fare and does it well . it was not overly salty or ridiculously greasy . besides , their non vegetarian dishes actually have more than two little pieces of meat . our beef vindaloo had a generous helping of beef . we accompanied
literally the rudest receptionist ive ever spoken with in my life . hung up on me and everything , wow . i took my kids here a couple times
unfortunately this place didn't taste as great as we heard
i definitely won't be coming to this location again . it took a good 15 minutes for the server to come and ask us what we wanted . we got our food quickly , however i got the all american melt and it was pink so i didn't eat much of it before losing my appetite . what also didn't help my appetite was
the best burger i've ever eaten is their steakhouse burger , with black peppercorns , creamy steak sauce , tomato confit , arugula and gruyere . i
lines were long , staff was not friendly whatsoever . the manager was not professional and
this is probably the most worse apartment place i've ever dealt with . not only the apartment . just living there but the customer service the unsatisfaction that they have provided throughout my whole entire stay there it's just ridiculous . when i first try to get an apartment there they were just so unprofessional to the point of why am i even trying to move here . when i moved in the first day of me and packing my luggage in my packages i went into the kitchen and i observed to see 2 to 3 roaches sitting in touch on top of the sink . later on that day i went to the store and got some bug spray i started to spray the kitchen around the refrigerator and within 10 minutes there was
this is probably the most thoughtful and wonderful middle eastern lunch that i've ever had . the restaurant itself is a museum within a beautiful museum . huge portions of the walls and ceiling were imported and hand carved . the food and service matches the beautiful interior ,
the movie i wanted was list at this theater but didn't have . so
i come here every single time i am in vegas to shop have yet to indulge in the services but i would in a heart beat if i was staying here . we usually walk miles from the other end of the strip to get here but it is well worth it . we first go to the gift shop on the first level to look around , then to the spa and then to the pool for a light lunch to sit in the sun . routine ! spa , gym and pool are all on the same level . staff at the spa are ok .
the beds and pillows are great . the rooms nice . coffee 3 . 50 a cup and 4 . 00 water . geez the resort fee is outrageous for wifi and fitness room what a joke . you are attack by sales people trying to give you a free gift ! i just wanted to check in
it's trying to be the yard . and the yard sucks . the only saving
judy in the loby is amazing . she is extremely personable . seriously , a killer
i'm a big fan of bobby flay , mesa grill totally fits the personality menu a little skimpy but good to serve everyone i suppose service , one of the best i've seen in action . you have 3 people watching your
update so since my review i have noticed that i can't tell who is cooking when . it is always
the pros ? the food . a good number of vegetarian vegan options that are quite tasty . the must haves are the mushroom gnocchi , the complementary tater tots , the amazing potato stack , the cornbread and the brownie sundae . the baby kale smoked mozzarella salad was mushy by the time i mixed in the dressing and apple , and the mozzarella was dry and flavorless . the cons ? the service was ridiculous . our waitress smiled maybe once . i had to ask her several times what she was putting down before she walked away what kind of butter is it ? what kind of dipping sauce is it ? what kind of ice cream comes with
first , i want to address the negative reviews from 2016 . this service was ran by another group of people and since has been taken over with a new management team . i got a visit from one of the members , johnny . he was very personable , not pushy and explained what services and equipment i could get for being a new home owner . i primarily wanted the adt system because 1 they are known all over the u . s . as the premier security monitoring service 2 keeping my family safe especially my elderly mother and 3 homeowner's discount plus proof of a robbery should it be needed . the installer arrived early which
ended up here randomly on saturday night with my fiance . she had calamari and kush kush , i had lobster with pasta . the calamari was good , kush kush tasted the way it always does
absolutely love this store ! i would much rather come here than lowes or home depot the staff is knowledgeable and always friendly
the worst $ 18 i spent on food ever . ordered scramble eggs , wheat toast , bacon and potato wedges . how hard is it to cook this .
this place used to be good . the food is below mediocre now ! the new owners changed way too much . the
living in the hottest place on earth can be dreadful when your ac decides to die . these guys came to the rescue . they recharged
i had the shakes . the little glutton living in my belly was jonesing for some ematei udon . so i went back there with three more dining companions . i think four is the perfect number of diners at ematei more people means more little plates to sample yet it's still cozy enough to fit into one of the secluded booths . we ordered a
looooove this place ! went here for the first time a few days ago and ordered the lamb kabob pita addicting . the wait was a little long , which was annoying because i was starving , but when i had that first bite . oh my ! worth every minute of a wait . the tsaziki sauce is served as a side so the sandwich isn't messy . the lamb is cooked exactly the way lamb should be
we were staying at mgm grand and my hubby surprised me with a couple of sweets for my bday . this place was open 24 hours over the weekend . its located in a corner area near the elevators . he decided to pick up a mini pumpkin pie and a carrot cake . they both came in a good individual size . i thought both desserts were okay . the pumpkin pie has good taste in the
i have converted from vegetarian to veganism since the time of my original review . now i love nami even more ! favourite tsoynamis pb j , banana cream pie , lemonbar when they have it ! and also the funny bunny that was around briefly in
highly recommended ! ron was punctual , polite and quickly remedied our leaky faucets ! a true professional and very reasonably priced
i don't even remember when i was the last time i visited cne . i usually really sad when it is time for cne as it means summer is over soon . $ 6 after 5 on weekday is a pretty good deal if you just want to walk around , catch a performance and just enjoy a carnival like atmosphere on a summer night . spending a whole day and pay $ 18 is just a little too much for me and definitely not worth
ok so to start , this review is for the new location in southside . i never reviewed the old location but i already miss it . i figured maybe since they were already an established restaurant there may not be too many kinks to work out and decided to go a month after opening usually i wait a bit after a restaurant opens to give a good review . our waitress was a sweetheart , and the food was pretty much the same . however in the hour or so i was there i watched multiple people leave after being told 15 20 mins and seeing empty tables just not be filled . the young girl at the front was so uninviting . not that she was mean ,
three stars because a bit over priced and over hyped ice cream place . i'm a huge ice cream fan or desserts in general so i know my sweets . hah i ordered the cookies n dream ice cream cone hoping for a burst of oreo cookie flavors
very good . super busy for lunch like every shop on this little corner . homemade soups and chili . stop in for a quick bite . 5 stars due to excellent customer service . a beef soup i bought contained no beef . if i'd been driving i would have turned around and had my cup of deliciousness replaced with something else but i wasn't so i called
new to the neighborhood but tried this cleaners due to the yelp offer of 50 off for first times . i took in 12 items that all turned out very well . at drop off , yaritza asked if i had any special requests and was kind to answer several of my questions . one white lace dress had quite a bit of makeup on the delicate strap which they were able to get out . my black and white crochet overlay dress turned out great too this was first time having this item cleaned i was concerned
had an awesome time here at breakfast . its an old school diner . juke boxes at the table and everything ! we got the breakfast special which was 3 pancakes , 2 eggs , 2 bacon and hash browns . it was only $ 3 . 99 ! i got a heath bar shake and my buddy got coffee . the heath bar shake was awesome ! they hook it up too by that they give you the shake
penn teller are fantastic . they are extremely skilled with the illusions , but the sarcastic , straightforward humor is what really makes them my favorite . i love that
are you kdding me with this ? we've been here for 9 hrs already and have yet to be checked in why ? because their systems are down and everyone has to be checked in manually while i could normally be sympathetic in this situation , this has apparently been going on for three days now ! and we booked a suite with 2 beds because we have 4 people and now they want to give us a room with 1 king bed ! really ? this is customer service ? has anyone in their it department heard of redundancy ? or of testing a system before you
after the last two visits i felt i should write this review . four and service have taken a hit . they were very busy so food took a long time . which is fine cause we are gonna get it hot right . nope . good was cold . done didn't eat hardly any of his steak . said it was cold . we sent back both order of kids mac n chz
hands down our top ayce sushi spot . servers are very polite and helpful and provide great suggestions . this time we had ontida as our server and she was the best ! i asked her for her recommendations and she suggested a few of her
the doctors office , all the people here seem to really care and the staff is helpful too . way so many things to work out on in the
excellent quality of food , one of the best korean bbq i
fesenjan $ 13 . 95 i always have to try fesenjan if it's on the menu . unfortunately , it was too sweet for me here as i prefer it a bit more on the tart side . combination dip plate $
hmong maintained sloppily dressed asian food store . as soon as you walk in there , you are greeted with the fragrant scent of concentrated piss . i never hit an asian food store or any store for that matter with such a scent . they have adequate products , but their produce section is disgusting and crowded
i am a honda fan . i only buy hondas and i only take them to the dealership for servicing . until this dealership . my brakes started to squeak which is a sign that the brake pads need replaced . i brought it in and they looked at it and said they were fine . i paid almost $ 100 to have the brakes cleaned and lubricated to take care of the squeak . it didn't help but i was assured that everything was fine . less than a month later the brakes started making a weird noise . i brought it in and my car had worn through the pads and was destroying the rotors . i pointed out that i had it in less than a month ago for the brake pads and they said that it wasn't their fault that i would need to pay several hundred to fix it . instead i took it to a local shop that came highly recommended . they fixed it for less money and then recommended a cleaning and lubrication on the brakes because
i have used her in the past and she was always my go to hmua . well we scheduled 4 days in advance and she said she would be there . everyone arrieved except katrina christine . we called her , texted her , left messages on facebook for her . she was online reading the messages but didn't
came here because of a friend and great reviews for handmade fresh taro milk that it's good here . well i ordered a large no sugar with aloe vera
i went in for a quote on a tattoo and alan was able to get me in the same day . he had quoted me for an hours worth of work and it ended up take a little over 2 and he still only charged me for what he had quoted me . his
this review of the hilton laval is based on my experience using a room for meetings and the restaurant for breakfast and lunch . we had two days of meetings and in somewhat typical style they setup the room for 20 people in a u shape and space was a bit cramped . in a previous occupation i use to conduct 15 training sessions a year so i'm familiar with many hotels and how they operate when you rent a room for a function meeting . for many hotels they try to put you in a smaller room and pack as many people in as possible . this room provided was a long rectangular shape and with many of our guests being big guys it was a bit cramped but not too uncomfortably ! catherine our function attendant was pleasant and was available when we needed a hand . her service provide was a 3 . 75 5 ! what makes it more important for me is to have a person who comes by 2 3 times during the day to make sure everything was okay ! the meeting room had nice large windows which provided some nice natural light ! meeting room was a big cold at times but i prefer it colder . many guests were a bit
flirtygirlfitness is our best recommendation for pole dancing especially for
i had my reservations when the dark haired girl at the counter looked me up and down and walked away . after she charged me $ 22 for soup and a sandwich . after pointing out the discrepancy i was met with a blank look of indifference . after searching
amazing place to grab breakfast or brunch ! the waffles here are nice and fluffy and you can smell it as soon as you walk in . i went with my girlfriend and we ordered the b . benny and waffle benny
this was the best restaurant experience i've had in a long time . this place is operated by the driftwood restaurant group which owns many other local favourite places like 87 west at crocker park , hodges downtown , etc . mondays are 2 for $ 40 entrees plus a bottle of wine plus one appetiser . this is a great value ! no reservations are needed mondays , but other days they are required as the place gets busy with playhouse square customers our waiter said . since this is an opentable . com restaurant a reservation is always a good idea ! the decor in this place is simply stunning . you do not feel like you are in cleveland any more . while the restaurant is on euclid and there are big street level windows , turn
awesome place ! fish and chips is delicious , and the portion is huge . mac and cheese is amazing . way
everything is very good . i always enjoy coming
do you know how to tell if a place is really good ? if you leave and find yourself thinking , i really want to go there again . this wasn't te case with bachi burger . kiki burger pretty tasty , had a nice sauce that made the burger stand out . truffle fries they were okay , honestly i've tried better fries . maybe i should have gone with the oxtail chili fries the wait to sit was like 40 minutes , the wait for the food was
so i've had a few great experiences at the melting pot , and i do have to say i always enjoy a good fondue . this is a great special occasion date place and heads up . a little pricey . i was leaning towards a 3 star rating , but because of the exceptional service i received from the manager on duty danielle i bumped it up to a 4 star rating for my overall experience . i enjoyed that danielle came around to my table and asked how everything was and if we were on a special occasion , i replied yes since we were , and later after dessert she stopped back at our table and gave us 3 large chocolate covered strawberries to go , on the house
omg , seriously worth the visit ! it's been a month since i've been there because i'm from chicago . i obviously can't stop thinking of these tacos since its been a month and wish i could have some
i have a love hate relationship with this restaurant , this location . the food is consistently good and the service is consistently bad . every time i go , i swear i am never going back . they get bad remarks for service and well deserved . the management seems to think more servers are the solution . more does not equate to better . if they had 5 good interested servers and they had a section
leave it to the arts lover to finally find the performing arts center in uptown charlotte . i was hanging out in my condo trying to figure out what i may want to do while i had a few days to explore charlotte . an event popped up on my feed and sounded right up my alley so i decided to check it out . spirit square specifically the blumenthal center houses
me and a friend went for summerlicous here . food was good ! their kabobs are awesome ! we got baklava for dessert and it was alright , nothing special . service was average . they were friendly and helpful but it was just two
chorizo breakfast taco with baja sauce was delicious !
i first started seeing elena at her old spa . at that point i had only one session with her for waxing but i was so happy with my service that i stalked her to her new location . the combination of elena's personality , professionalism , quality of
this place is all the rage and i thought it was okay . the taste isn't bad , and seems to be a good
the server was good the food was good the restaurant was so dirty in the plates needed to be thrown away they need to
i have no idea why pancake cafe is the 2 breakfast in madison i can think of plenty of places that have much better food and provide a much better experience . i was there with my partner today and i had the blueberry waffle which cost around $ 7 . $ 7 for one plain waffle with two tiny scoops of blueberries which were shrivled and presumably defrosted . i expected blueberries in the batter nope . i expected a tasty compote to go on top nope . just wet blueberries . and only one waffle . my partner had the 1 2 3 combo . his bacon had hardly any meat and was nearly all gummy fat . he upgraded to get pecan pancakes but what a bust we had to send back the first order because there
yeah . theres no way to read about their extra fees if you go thorough any of the websites that 85 of people use to book a flight . but its for a funeral so i'll be paying it . so the chiseling bastards
the food here is authentic and of the highest quality . if you like bread you must try naan stuffed with cheese or garlic herbs or plain . it goes well with any dish . the only reason i deducted a star is somewhat sterile atmosphere
solid coffee plain .
go korean and go randy ! ask for randy as
very disappointed with the service at this location . first it took forever to place our order , then we waited over 45 minutes to receive our food . my husband spoke
plaid is the best ! he's done 4 of my piercings so far and he always takes his time to make
having tried some of the best ramen in the world during my recent visit to the birthplace of ramen japan , i can firmly say this place can keep up with the boys of japan . dare i say . the best ramen in the great tdot ? absolutely ! best in the world ? no . not quite but a worthy mention among the elites for sure . first and foremost , the broth is rich , porky and oozing with umami but maybe a little on the salty side . the chasu is tender and melt in your mouth delicious
i don't usually rate an establishment twice but i just had the best pho meat ball and beef . i just cannot get over how delicious it is . all ingredients are fresh and you can taste the freshness . but no review is complete without saying how excellent the service is . i never want for anything and always
located in the arizona center , open until 10 00 every night for us later in the night owls , good service
tried this place on the recommendations of several food blogs . it was certainly worth the stop ! started off with the grilled shishito peppers which weren't too hot but quite flavorful . i ended up trying the miyagi san wagyu burger , which simply put was impeccable . the beef was buttery , the addons were fantastic and every bite was a myriad of taste . i imagine every burger has
i could not wait for ka to end . if you're into a lot of story and less acrobat you may like this . visually , it a beautiful story
family owned business , so you deal directly with the owners and they offer samples and some history on thier product . the kids loved it ! the popcorm is amazing especially the different
celebrated my son's 7th birthday tonight at moon sushi because our previous experiences were great . service was super attentive and presentation was awesome served 6 pieces of salmon sashimi on the brim of a wine glass filled with ice . we also like going there because on birthdays , they give you a free cake . my son's cake was a tiramisu
stop . i've died and got to heaven . considering that i would like my last meal on earth to include ice cream , fries , and some sort of cheese that might be a legit observation . not only was this place the most adorable shop ever they have gourmet fries and ice cream . my two favorite food groups . if i had my way , the only two food groups that should really count . went here for a yelp event
reliable and knowledgeable home inspectors . i have been recommending them as part
yelp told the truth , this ramen is amazing . the tonkatsu broth is maybe the
california burrito . french fries in a burrito is the
midici house salad . phenomenal ! i'm not usually super into presentation , but i love love love it . definitely a heavy salad , like could have by itself
i'm not really sure why there's been a lot of complaints about customer service , but i've been to fry's since it opened a couple of years ago and i have not had one bad experience with customer service . maybe slightly pushy customer service , but certainly not awful . or maybe i've just been pretty darn lucky . fry's used to be known in my family and friends as the go to place for cheap electronics although now the internet seems to be catching up very quickly . it's not to say that fry's isn't cheap it certainly is at least with electronics other stuff feels like the price is a little jacked up , and it's range of products it offers is pretty impressive compared to stores like best buy . my only complaints about the store is that whenever they release their sales ads in the newspaper , it is
michelle is the best therapist i have been to in charlotte . no frills at elements , in and out massage and in return they offer
good for the most part . umar bowers is a nice guy , cares about his patients their health and well being . for this reason i would recommend him as a primary care doc . he is knowledgeable , methodical , patient , comprehensive . one of the best
great service . awsome steak . loved it . i'm a
excellent ! not sure if this l'express or the one in manhattan came first but they are both delightful . i was so glad to be able to get a 7 30 reservation here . the smoked salmon appetizer with capers and onions was wonderful as well as was the quail and shrimp risotto . the wait staff
i violated my rule of avoiding grocery shopping while hungry and decided to venture over to whole foods . whole foods tends to be the indecisive individual's nightmare that would be me . yet , this store is a foodie's dream . there are aisles upon aisles of glorious , wholesome products pun intended . everything is meticulously organized and there are at least ten varieties of every type of item . no joke . it took me fifteen minutes to decide which brand of bottled tea would be suitable and economical . i roamed the freshly prepared food section like a vulture circling it's prey . strategizing which choice would be the best taste sensation . did i want a made to order wrap ? or a glass of wine and a couple tapas ? the live music was alluring . maybe sushi ? pizza ? salad bar ? soup ? maybe something from
quick stop after reds game to let the traffic thin out . all 4 of us had good beer from tap , and then added a taco to hold us over , as
after being in the hospital for 3 days all i wanted was nachos . since i was staying at st rose hospital i figured i would have a friend pick up some nachos for me from nacho daddy . it was my first time ordering and since everyone always says how good the nachos were i thought i would try . i placed my order on the phone and i ordered the florentine nachos and wings . i thought i ordered boneless wings but
tldr naina's has the best burgers i've ever had the pleasure of eating . niana's kitchen is a tiny little restaurant just off of blackfoot trail kitty corner to the crossroads farmers market . you could drive by it a thousand times and never give it the time of day because it's in the little crap strip mall in an industrial area that looks half closed down . if you continue to drive by it however , you'll be missing out on something wonderful . my first visit , i got i believe the mediterranean stuffed burger . anyway , it was stuffed with bacon , goat cheese and other amazing and wonderful things . when
i tried it and loved it . it's a hole in the wall place . the man that served us was very nice and checked on us multiple times to see if we needed anything . he was careful not to interrupt our conversation . i asked if he was working by himself and he said yes , it's always just him . we ordered the
wow ! the basic breakfast was amazing . i got mine without egg and they threw in extra bacon . i'm not a huge pancake person but they were light and fluffy and the syrup . the syrup . amazing ! very thin and vanilla flavored . it was almost like liquid whipped cream
very relaxing place to enjoy an evening with friends . the wine is good and the
our 2014 bmw x5 diesel broke down on tropicana avenue today right before the s . las vegas blvd intersection headed eastward . we contacted our bmw road assistance which initially patched us to the service providers called commerce auto towing . their driver reached us in the appropriate time 1 hrs , but the driver did not have the tools to tow our truck instead of contacting another tow truck driver with the appropriate tools to tow a 2014 bmw x5 they simply left us behind and listed our exchange as refuse of service . in no way shape or form did we refuse service let alone were offered any service to tow our car since the tow truck was not capable to tow a vehicle from 2014 . the tow truck driver if i can remember will william simply left us in the farthest left lane of the intersection with out any remedy . no one should be left behind by the tow service although they did not have the appropriate tools . perplexed by this exchange , we called the commerce auto towing in which he said we are fully capable because we tow 2018 maseratis , your 2014 bmw is nothing new to us although their
wife and i stopped in for lunch on wednesday . the food here is delicious and the service was excellent
recently went to the restaurant and not only had great meal waitress , but
i had a driver's license that was expired . does that mean i'm not 21 anymore ? the stupid guy named jose who sounds like a french dude said i can't drink there at the pool . omg , then i left without a hassle and he chased me and my 3 friends down and called the security . don't know why . lol , he was just
this is a great spa very conveniently located off strip . very clean and comfortably lit with soothing music in the background . my masseur asked me whether a light or firm pressure was preferred and what part of my body to
health department please inspect . 11 30 am 7 24 18 . just opened for lunch and the floor is filthy . my shoes stick to the floor while
i am a fairly new pt 6 months since i been established and i am just very pleased with the care i have received the office manger , doctor and nurse practitioner were all so nice and made sure i was well taken care of , they go above and beyond for the patients and the wait time was not more
this spot is sooooo good ! we were visiting my friend's parents and they suggested it . we ordered beef lo mein , general tso's chicken , two different types of fried rice ,
i walk in every time no appointment . i am usually seated within a couple minutes . every barber in the shop is a deft touch and quick , polite , and professional . rarely any jibber jabber pushed on you , but
i've been coming to knockout fitness for a year now and it's been the best thing i have ever done for myself ! the community here is very close and everyone is so welcoming and friendly ! i met one of my best friends there and we make sure we go everyday ! the trainers are great and there's something wonderful to be said about each one of them , however i wanted to put the spot light on corwin . i have been doing personal training w corwin for the year i've been w kof and he's be such a motivator ! corwin has helped me
how about you play fucking rock roll at your 'rock roll' establishment
pizza ok servers dying grab my plate the second the last bite one in the mouth . the place was empty
back again ! calamari viva las vegas roll , crunch i calamari roll and so much
our visit to scottsdale brought us into fountain hills to look for a home . while we were there we decided to look at the beautiful fountain we heard
delicous baked goods . delicious
i like this location as with most locations , it get sooooo busy ! the staff is always super friendly and talkative ! i prefer to go early , like
i went here initially just to change my brake fluid . out of curiosity , i asked if they could tell me why my car made the sound of a dying whale whenever i let off the brakes . so the guy tells me the problem with that is i need new brake drums . i was actually happy to finally be getting this fixed . and then i drove away . my car now shakes whenever i hit the brakes . never has it done that before . my admitted mistake was not turning right back around , but i had shit to do . so time passes , and the shaking has subsided a bit . but it was still bothering me , and i finally had a minute to take it back to have them check on it , as the man politely offered if i had any problems . the main thing i have to point out on my second and last visit to this place was the same guy's attitude , which i felt the second i walked in . before i even said a word to him
my rating should be taken as closer to a 3 . 7 5 stars . we each ordered from the special fixed menu which is $ 36 and includes an appetizer , entree and dessert . they also provide bread with a honey butter spread which was a nice compliment to start off with . i got the caesar salad , prime rib with loaded baked potato and the creme brulee which had pumpkin spice in it , as the waiter put it for fall . my date had the chipotle marinated top sirloin with goat cheese butter with loaded baked potato . same app and dessert . they actually gave us the mashed potato by accident even though we asked for the loaded baked potato , but hey , more for us !
oh , amelie's , what do i not love about you . i only wish i lived closer . one time i drove to you at
huge supply of products . superb customer service
fresh food , great salads and soup , great attitude from their
great meal , looking forward to our next visit . the wife loved it . it was nice to see a local vqa wine on the menu , supporting our local economy . presentation of the food was perfect . it looked as good as it tasted . the service was
found after a bit of a drive around as i was on my first visit to calgary . the lack of external signs did not help . located in a wing of a mall , the hostess greeted me as i walked in the door . there are two sides to this restaurant and i chose the more formal side because of their a la carte food offerings . the other side was more of a noodle shop , which is great but not what i was after . a nice pot of chrysanthemum tea was brought , and you can choose any of the teas
as an airport , i'd say this place does its job . simple layout , screens at every turn updating flight status , and overall a clean facility . i had no problems when checking in for a flight . tsa staff were extremely gentle and handled me with care , i walked out of there with no pain or discomfort . but in all seriousness , security check was your typical long delay , but its to be expected for an international airport . once i got past security
i ordered the side ceasar salad , fresh with a great ceasar dressing , and the margarita flatbread with chicken . the flatbread was cooked
wonderful , great wait service . very attentive . very quick good flavors and they even had fidello my fav sopa .
this family owned business has been in the same location for nearly 40 years . the food is amazing , the service rocks and
sumomaya has a great atmosphere and has delicious food . very friendly staff and great service . did i mention the great food ! ? my family went
laseraway is the best laser hair removal salon i have ever tried and i have tried many from the east to the west coast ! there equipment is state of the art and the pain is minimal , it actually takes longer for me to drive there that the time to get the treatment
this was a last minute date night for the husband and myself as well as one of our favorite couple friends . alas this place did not disappoint . the food was fabulous ! we started with their pomme frites everyone at the table turned the cone upside down at least once to get the last of the crumbs . i had the mimosa salad and french onion soup . i consider myself a french onion soup connoisseur
being in vegas during the busy first few weeks of january , my friends and i thought about how we'd get into the playboy club and circumvent the line . my secret , eating at the connecting overpriced restaurant ! the view is spectacular , that's what i seem to remember the most . oh yea , and those espresso martinis that eventually led to me jumping into a pool fully clothed at a private party . food
a great place to stop by and check out . it's free . on the lower level there are a lot of awesome cars with a lot of history behind them . upstairs is a cafe and a load of trophies . this is the first time i have seen any of those trophies up close and some are real
had the 1 2 chicken dinner with rice and potatoes . the food here is very good but you have to get the hot sauce on the chicken , the mild sauce
the lady was super nice and patient while helping us . many people were
for brunch , it was good but not amazing or out of this world ! the entrees were mediocre but the desserts were delicious ! i loved the hand scooped
great restaurant in a beautiful location . french toast , omelette , wrap , and chicken
i like this place a lot . very large portions of pho for $ 8 . pho comes out steaming hot and the broth is incredibly warm , hearty , and delicious . i always go with my usual which is pho with brisket only . mmm ! i've had the fried egg rolls here too which you can never go wrong with . fast
had such an awesome lunch ! came in and it was clean and just pleasant inside . staff were very friendly . they give you the option of complimentary regular water or sparkling water . which is a nice option . and give you some popcorn seasoned with some spices , super good . smokey and sweet . my friend an i started with the soup of the day . it was broccoli soup topped with whipped goat cheese . it was amazing . probably the best broccoli soup i've ever had . we both decided to get the sampler for lunch . this lets you pick 2 meats and 1 side
last week was my third visit to noca . since it was a thursday , i had the wagyu pastrami sliders . they were very good .
went out friday night to fionn's for some drinks and dinner , while the game was on , we waited 20 mins before we received our menus . she never took our drink order
great service and decent tacos . this isn't the most amazing southwestern mexican i've had but it's decent and the decor is
another frozen yogurt joint . they have similar setup as most places now days , serve your self , $ . 39 cents per oz . original tart and a handful of other flavors . i tried a sample of the taro flavor , it was interesting . then decided on the original tart and blueberry . the tart was not tart at
how come i go into shoppers for 2 or 3 necessities and come out with 7 things ? i like this shoppers , right on the corner of lakeshore and leslie with a big parking lot , it's convenient for me to stop in if i get a ride home from work or if i'm out riding my bike . open until midnight
i've been to pizzeria libretto the danforth location before a few years ago and enjoyed it , but last night did not live up to the great pizza i remembered . i had the grilled eggplant pizza with basil , chili flakes , and ricotta salata . i've had eggplant on pizza before and love how it turns soft and creamy when cooked but this eggplant was tough
omg , the food here is ridiculously amazing ! i had the blue cheese crusted filet mignon and i'm hooked ! our server , hannah , was icing on the cake !
i have been here many times even though i'm not a resident of vegas . i come here to get my sushi fix whenever i'm in vegas and coming here always leaves me satisfied . i understand the frustrations of some reviewers that the buffet is a bit overpriced and i agree , but if you compare this place with all the other sushi restaurants
i attended this milestones today for lunch and even though the food was good , i experienced really mediocre and almost don't care attitude in their service . first of all the restaurant was less than half full . we were a group of 10 individuals and probably the only group that had this many people . but it took almost 30 minutes from the time we ordered and got out food . lunch times are when everyone wants to eat as fast as possible and get back to their desks but i don't think the restaurants didn't have any interest in serving as quickly as possible . 2nd of all , my friend ordered a salad and mentioned that hes allergic to nuts and to remove it from the item . a waitress not our initial waiter brought the food to all of us and placed the salad that my friend ordered in front of him with some nut like garnish on top of it . when my friend asked what it was she almost casually said that those can be pine nuts .
their service was good , nice ppl . the food is absolutely junk . i feel like they got a group of
if i could have one dinner to rethink , i would not have picked to come here . i only give one star because it won't let me do no stars . we had reservations , showed up 10 minutes early and we were sat 10 late .
this place has good food and quick service . a must see in las vegas . and
one of the best brunch spots in the city . unique features the classic brunch staples . high quality food with
i was violently throwing up within an hour of eating ! all night long , i have never thrown up that hard ! my body was sore for 2 days afterwards ! i called the buffet to report it , they said i had to call the
i loved this place . the location is perfect walking distance to theaters , china town , station etc . . i also loved the indoor swimming pool i do laps every day and it was great to have this option . the breakfast was very nice as well although the dining area can
went here for a father's day dinner with my wife and two little ones horrible experience . we had three different servers take our drink orders . which never arrived . after waiting for 20 beer less minutes to try to order our food , we had to leave . i've had poor experiences at this location in the past
they have the amarone wine i sooo love . wish the store was the size of the one
ended up here after trying to go to citizen r d . we ended up sitting in the bar area on a high top . they offer a good selection of wine by the glass and had the crush cab , which was very good .
what can i say , debi and staff fixed my wedding dress so i looked like a million bucks on my wedding
good eastcoast style pizza .
backpacks are not allowed , while there is no lockers . i have to
le select bistro , just the name brings back memories of foie gras on a board , cheeses , duck and all sorts of french delicacies . since we are not in france and it is sometimes hard to find a relaxed french restaurant you hold on to the ones you have and le select happens to be one of them . le select bistro far proceeds my lifetime having many distinguished chefs pass through their kitchens over time and forever securing its place as an institution for high quality cooking in toronto . because i live in la , every time i get to come home for any period of time i make sure i make it out to this pillar of gastronomy for a dinner . if you do le select , do it right . rule 1 take a cab because you will
great place for a nice and filling salad even if you are not a salad person . slightly sad that they made their bowls smaller form last year , but still a great place for food . i usually get a build
just moved from california to arizona 7 months ago and it's been difficult to find a good barbershop especially one that the barbers actually listen to what you want until my curiosity brought me to senior's barbershop . i've been getting my haircut there every thursday with mariana and shes really good
5 stars for pokitrition ! best poke restaurant in arizona . the sushi wrap was amazing , basically a sushi burrito but better ! if you
so , so , so good . just sad i didn't do my research and find them years earlier . they are truly chicago style . i ordered a couple items to try for take out . a medium thin crust pizza with italian beef as my topping , and an italian beef sandwich dipped , as we chicagoans say . which basically means as soaking
i have been to many locations in many cities of this upscale chain . this one is fine . not amazing but no huge concerns . the upper level booths by windows are always are uncomfortably drafty . i have had experience one more than one occasion with annoying hostesses that made my
in town for a conference in vegas and looked up the best asian restaurants near the strip . gangnam popped up at the top , so here we are !
i have ordered delivery from china rose in the past . typically we have ordered full dish selections rather than combo dishes . very good food we thought . the food has always been fresh , very tasteful and satisfying . tonight i ordered a combo dinner for
i am so glad to have a great wine and cheese shop in ahwatukee ! they have
what can be said about sonja without completely understating the incredible attorney that she is . for the first time in my life , i was in search of criminal defense attorney and was extremely unsatisfied with my meetings with large firms that popped up on the first pages of google . aside from the fact that they were significantly more expensive , i didn't receive an ounce of human decency from them . rather than telling me how they can specifically help me , they just kept listing off their accolades and awards , and selling me on their name . i was looking for someone to tell me how they were going to fight for me .
don't putt putt here ! the greens are ripped up and the holes in disrepair . we made it to hole 10 when their bulls eye attraction are our balls . someone had kicked it in . how do you
i've never left a negative comment about a business but i am so disappointed with this store ! every single time there is long wait at least 30 to 45 minutes no matter what time of day . and then to make it worse the customer service stinks ! they are absolutely flat out rude . acting
went to buy pillows . went to check out they were ringing up 11 . 99 when they are in a basket with the price of 5 . 99 manager was being a b said no they are 11 . 99 i said well remove
suggested i tint my eyebrows . so i let her tint them and i hate my
pretty good we were in a rush , the burger was good and the fries were
boardwalk beach food . i would not let the wolfgang puck name on the outside trick you into thinking you are eating anything else except pool food . i've had better food at community pool clubs . they were nice enough to make me
i think this is such a great option for vegetarians or vegans ! i absolutely love the lettuce wrap bean burger ! the create your own salads are always fantastic as well ! my husband is a meat eater so when
you get what you pay for . we usually stay at the venetian when we go to vegas , but the lux was too cheap to turn down . we werent expecting too much for the price . we will be heading back to the venetian next year . it all depends on what you are looking for if you will like the luxor . its cheap and it is a pretty nice hotel for the money . pretty nice pool and the housekeepers are excellent . our room was always clean and in good condition . saw several reviews about dirty carpet ,
arrived around 2 am . on saturday morning . washed up and went down stairs to check things out . started to play some machines for about 20 minutes and noticed there were no cocktail waitresses . ok . so i went to the bar and ordered two drinks , belvedere sprite
in all my visits to las vegas , my expectation level of food can be based on the star rating of the hotel . the paris being 4 stars , my expecation level was clearly not met . its more then obvious management obviosully does not care for its visitors to the le village buffet . this past saturday was my first and last visit to the buffet . i found many items either luke warm or cold . lots of vegetable and fruit items were either rotten looking , and sour tasting . lots of entrees did not even have the
this location is set up more to be a print centre than an office supply store . however , that doesn't mean they don't have what you need . i've gone in a couple of times here with what seemed to be odd ball requests and
fun place for a brew and bar food ! they bree their own beer and have some great small plates . i was out with a client and coworker
this was my second time at the baltimore house . my first experience here was awesome . good service and excellent food ! my second experience however was completely underwhelming . i'd give this a one star rating if my waiter was not doing the best he could , but he was pretty awesome considering the circumstances . it started with another server bringing dirty side plates while not even realizing they were dirty until after setting them down on the table . i received my mixed drink with flat ginger ale . it was replaced for a fresh drink , but i was charged for
the wife i have eaten this location several times . their burgers are really good , have a full bodied steakhouse flavor . the iceberg lettuce salad is 1
looking to hit some of my bookmarked restaurants on yelp , we decided to meet up with friends at casa corazon in phoenix on a recent visit to az . glad we made this choice . this restaurant is in a charming , converted small house with a wood beams , neat decor touches , a bar , a dining area and kitchen . we were greeted warmly and told we could sit wherever we wanted , so we picked a table kind of in the middle of the dining room . we were brought out some chips and bean dip and told there was a salsa bar in the kitchen area and to proceed there for said salsa . holy moly ! what an awesome salsa bar . i liked that it was labeled in levels of hotness so there are no surprises on the scorch . as a girl who loves her verde sauce , i proceeded to get three kinds . yum ! it was a warm summer day , so , of course , i wanted a refreshing libation . the bar menu was intriguing , but i am a margarita girl at heart and chose a mango margarita with salt . mmmmm , so good and hit
after 2 days of starving ourselves trying to find something decent to eat in vegas , this placed fed us real good food , everything we tried
i have been here a couple of times now and
i don't have long term experience with this practice , but i can already tell that dr . jeremy and the rest of the staff are very caring and want the best for every animal that comes in . my dog is usually defensive in new stressful ! situations , and they were very slow and sweet , quickly winning his affection with
i only go in for the spicy beef patty , i think it's the best in the city and i never ever leave kensington without having one . i will grab one even if we just came out
get 1 campechano or carnitas taco get 1 milanesa torta
great gym , but they are horrible with canceling memberships . was on a month to month promo and just had to give notice when i wanted to cancel . informed them that i was moving and filled out the necessary paper work to cancel . they still charged my account the next month and without me knowing , sent me a refund check for the amount they charged . well guess what ,
a bite of their bp burger will take you to another world and then to the universe , and i'm not sure if you will ever come back . it's out of this world amazing . my husband and i are huge burger fans . lets just say our standards are way high for burgers . this burger might have just set a new
i stopped in for breakfast with a friend one morning . good prices and portions . service was decent . not super attentive , but didn't
cheap buffet , but doesn't have a big variety of food . the food is very good although it is very americanized . this place has been around for many years and if you're craving cheap food this is one of the best places in the area ! i do
wow . we got a complimentary breakfast here with our reservation at the hotel . the food tasted funny , like they did not clean the grill top before cooking the food . then the waitstaff were really sub par . i had to
lion's den has done three jobs for me and every one has been exemplary . this company is a class act and really cares to address the problem correctly . they have gone above and beyond what a standard company would do
food was cold and service was very slow . the owner came to the table to greet us , we asked a question about an item on the menu and she
came here an hour before close . friendly folks , place was clean , smelled normal . sat at the bar . sushi chefs were really friendly and funny . tiger roll was good but not the best one i've had . fish on the nigiri sushi was the right temp and tasted clean but
i hate to diss anybody but i just have to warn people about my experience . my friend referred me to bubba because he was good and would hook me up i should have known better than to try to save money on a tattoo . you get what you pay for . i have several other tattoos done by mike roper who is fantastic . bubba has no artistic ability . maybe he can draw on paper but definitely not on human flesh . i went in and i picked an image off the computer . he traced it and put it on my arm . the rest was a mess . he didn't outline at all , just started coloring on me like a 5 year old . i wasn't thrilled with the end result and the dimensions were off quite a bit .
very cute , old fashioned ice cream shop ! different sundaes , floats , scoops , etc . order and seat yourself , the waiters bring out your ice cream and waters . i got the terminal tower with a group of friends for
my daughter and i enjoyed the satay sampler , super soup and pad thai
my mind is at ease and i don't have to worry about any unwanted critters thanks to noosa pest management ! anytime i have ever had an issue , they are quick to provide service .
my husband and i ordered online the night before because i was too lazy to cook . when he got to the restaurant , our order hadn't gone though . he had to wait an additional 20 minutes . when he got home , the food was excellent . i ordered a
this is a must visit for japanese food lovers who find themselves in vegas . i never would have imagined that japanese food this authentic and good could be found in the middle of the nevada desert . every visit to vegas i look forward to venturing off the strip for a raku fix . i live in ny city surrounded by good sushi and travel to japan at least
this pet hospital is very good . not sure why people posted negative comments about this banfield .
when i was living in vegas , max and his team were honest , on time and followed through . he assessed the shower issue , got supplies and fixed it without over charging me . he also came in an emergency situation with leak in
this is the fatbuger located inside santa fe station . one of the floor manager told me to never eat here because she got food poisoning once . you know why people get food poisoning here ? because this place is a motherf cking outhouse that serves actual sh ! t on a bun . they say that this place is open 24 hours . but , that's some bullsh ! t . every time i come here after 3 am , the crackhead midget they hired always tells me we be closed aight ! in a very angry tone . all the lights and even the open sign is still on but this loser just refuses to work . last time i came here , the guy was once again at the register . finally , this time he didn't tell me that fatburger was closed . he then incoherently and almost inaudibly asks me mey i be teken ur ordur ? i
small little establishment but dam their pork fried
i actually went to this restaurant because of the yelp reviews . the reviews were so correct . the people were so friendly and the food was delicious . i am so glad i
my boyfriend and i stopped in to have an appetizer and a glass of wine prior to going to our favorite saturday night wine tasting at the olde wine cellar . upon entering , the hostess greeted us and asked if we had a reservation . after sharing our plan with her , she proceeded to share that they were down one person and could not serve us at the bar but could offer us a table . we happily accepted the offer , however , as soon as george the owner came around the corner and the hostess
terrible ! what started off as a $ 39 per day rental for 2 days , ended up being $ 300 . this company is horrible and has the worst customer service . they billed me
went in here to try my very first acai bowl ! there was no one in line around 5pm but a few people that seemed like they were waiting for their orders in the store . the
i like it ! i came here to pick up lunch on the recommendation of a colleague and it didn't disappoint . the lunch menu is limited insofar that you pretty much come to get the lunch special . today was garlic chicken with a side of rice and it was the perfect portion . what was best though was how fresh the vegetables were . unlike tin tin that is downstairs . these vegetables still had life in 'em . the broccoli was hard to stab with my plastic fork ,
hands down the nicest hotel on the strip . omg it's so nice . that's all i can say . they have gondoliers like venice and the sky is breathtaking inside . yea , it's all
the club is great ! most of the time to staff is nice ,
by far , one of the best manicure pedicure experiences . debbie is a gem , she is friendly and takes pride in her work
we stayed near the airport in phoenix on a trip to spring training in march , and this restaurant farm was nearby . there are three different eateries on the farm premises , from a counter that sells sandwiches baked goods the scones are so good . i got some to go and munched on them all weekend long to the morning glory cafe , where we sat outside and had a fresh , delicious brunch . the berry yogurt granola and the breakfast burrito were perfect . there's another , fancier indoors sit
my favorite las vegas breakfast place . i've lived here for almost 20 years and
nuggets weren't great and the fries weren't either . wait time was longer than usual . the 2 cheeseburger deal is a little
i was looking to establish myself with a regular barber as i usually leave the chain providers unhappy and dissatisfied . stumbled across this business while using yelp to find a barber . because it was close by , i figured i would check it out . this business is new even though it is obvious she is experienced and well established as a barber . bottom line . this gal is amazing ! she's professional , friendly , not over bearing , and good at men's haircuts . even more , she listens and takes time to make sure she understands your needs and will meet them . the proof ? my wife said it's the best haircut i've had in years !
very disappointed in this location . i much rather drive to the stephanie location way better everything ! first i was confused because there was a sign that said wait to be seated so i was standing there like an idiot for 5 min and the workers were just passing by me not giving a crap so i just sat myself down i was pissed because the sign said to wait yet no one even comes to seat you . then the only reason why i came was to get some cornbread , tomato soup , chicken noodle , and brownie bites and
the location was desirable but the outside and inside of the restaurant are very modern and nice . the food was
local tavern is a great place to get food or drinks or both . they have a very wide selection of draft beers , including seasonal beers , that are pretty fairly priced . there's also 3 bars to get drinks from , as the place is huge . it's kind of confusing , but has a very nice atmosphere . i've tried the wine country chicken sandwich , and it was pretty good . the goat cheese
came here with a friend to enjoy some delicious thai food as i was craving it . heard lots of great reviews about this place so decided to come here and give it a try . we both ordered different dishes and they were both amazing ! my friend ordered the khao soi and i ordered the green curry with chicken . loved the green curry you can taste the nice coconut taste in the curry which was nice and rich ! the food
went there last night . on notre dame but west of de courcelles in an area without many new restaurants for now , which makes it quite easy to park . decor and vibe very cool . food was excellent , had the kale salad simple but really really good , margherita pizza which was great think bottega but a bit thinner , pastas were very solid and tasty medium in size
this place is usually packed and today was no exception . luckily , the wait was only 5 10 minutes today . they also had a deal today where if you buy a $ 50 gift card , you receive a $ 10 coupon or free app in the new year . decided to buy a gift card since i knew my foodie partner and i were going to go over that . food 2 . 5 5 got the ultimate feast today lobster tail , garlic shrimp , fried shrimp , king crab , and rice . the lobster and crab were nice
saw this show for my bday vegas trip 1 20 18 . it was fantastic , i highly recommend it to anyone who likes cirque du soleil style shows . the show is water themed but there or other parts that are totally dry . the music , dancing and
bad experience , awful service u can see all ice face no hello , no smile . seriously ? ! ask for napkins
so i buy a livingsocial deal it was for a lg pizza wings and 2 draft beers why not check this place out we go there on a friday night around 630 7 o'clock prime dining area prime time and no one's in this place we walk in there to blaring punk rock music we sit down long haired punk rocker server bartender guy brings us some water and i said hey i have a livingsocial deal for pizza wings and two beers he's like what's the livingsocial ? i was like it's this deal you guys have going on you know
everything you need for a fun day weekend with the family . so much to do
i haven't tried the food , yet . but i'm so excited about the prickly pear margarita $ 12 . 99 i had to come shout from the rooftops how happy i am to
we stayed here for 8 nights during cinemacon . after reading all the reviews i was nervous to stay here . honestly . we had a wonderful experience . we stayed in the forum tower the first 5 nights in an executive suite . since we were working for joblo . com we relied heavily on internet speed to get out content online . the internet was super spotty in our room which posed a bit of problem for work . we managed by using the assigned press room . the entire event was catered by properties on site and everything was excellent . we stayed an extra 2 days and had to switch rooms no big deal . we went to check into out new room
wow ! such a great experience ! i have only had my brows professionally done maybe twice in my life . probably because i didnt know of anyone who did an outstanding job or always walked away not too thrilled with results . i have had problems getting my brows looking how i wanted them to for years . i made an appointment with heather and
ok . this poor rating is for a reservation we tried to make over several days then once it went through . i cancelled it out of anger and the total lack of customer service . their computer system has been down , broke , being upgraded and a 100 other excuses to prevent me from either making a reservation or checking in . their system has been down since monday this is thursday . it is still not running 100 . but you got the same stoooooooooooopid answer response . call back in a few hours . hey idiot managers ! every heard
the food was amazing as usual but we had something strange happen at the bar . one of the waiters came up with an apple martini and told the bartender that the customer said it was too
from outside , it's just any ordinary gas station . it's en route to work so i stopped by to fill up my car . basically , i didn't travel from afar to go to this exact location . the price of gas is pretty much the same everywhere in toronto so i wasn't wowed or ticked off with how much my total was . inside there is a convenience store along with a coffee shop and an a w . the staff are quite friendly and very professional . i go to another gas station where the
beer is good that's about it . very plain menu . so many better places
bell auto upholstery far exceeded my expectations when they reupholstered the headliner in my 2006 silverado hd crew cab . their pricing was very fair and they followed through with
great spot , great people watching and amazing for vegans . this place is nestled right in the centre of the hustle bustle of lebo . an upscale neighbourhood that has a lot of walkable districts and the one piccadilly is located in , in particular actually has two competitors across the street . what's the best part ? well , there are usually at least 2 vegan options for soft serve and there are a tonne of fresh fruit toppings . while i wish that there were more
i know , i know , hate on the chain boooooo . but for what it is , i had a delightful afternoon old people dinner time of 4 45 pm with my folks , with decent food and a tremendously sweet attentive server who took my dad's playful harassment with a smile . it's not the best anything that i have ever eaten , but my order of a 10 oz prime rib $ 15 with two sides was a solid meal , perfectly cooked , that hit the spot . as with most steak places , the house salad one of my two sides was served in a chilled bowl with fresh ingredients . the bleu cheese dressing was delicious . the prime rib was a medium temp as ordered , served with a tasty au jus , with not a ton of fat on it . well flavored . the sweet potato
i'm a season ticket holder for wranglers games . i love hockey and the wranglers provide plenty of entertainment for a very reasonable ticket price .
the sandwiches are very good , but for whatever reason this location allways screws up my order ! they forget to put it in or forget to call
i can't describe how amazing this is . ribs and
this was the first time that i had visited karen thai cuisine since i don't live in that area . for this reason , i cannot make comparisons to any other thai restaurants in that area . i only tried one dish panang beef curry , which came with a perfect amount of rice to accompany the amount of curry that was served . the serving size was good for the price , the restaurant service
i've frequented the lazy dog summerlin location not necessarily for myself but to spoil my dog and who doesn't love their dog ? atmosphere i've only sat outside , as this is where your to be seated with your dog . i actually really like the outdoor area , there's a nice fire pit in the middle and tvs mounted as well . plenty of tables , the wait is never too bad . nice place to have brunch with your family . food one word . mediocre . i've tasted too many things here and while i can appreciate that lazy dog is trying offer a menu full of variety and it lacks flavor . tried the nachos , plain , bland , and not enough toppings . tried the oven baked pancake , someone should tell whoever came up with this idea a pancake shouldn't be baked , it sticks to the pan they bring it in and is flat
can't beat a place like this . mom and pop joint that has great service and awesome food . we stopped in on mother's day and got there
the only reason i give two stars is because of the convenient location and the ample parking . sure , once in a blue moon you run into a postal worker who is friendly and service minded , but unfortunately the opposite
good pizza and a very friendly proprietor . the free retro arcade games help
3 stars remain . after not going back to original breakfast house for a few years , we decided to give it another go on a sunday morning recently . it was packed so there was a wait , but not too long . we were seated and greeted promptly . overall the service was much better this time . i ordered scrambled eggs , bacon , fruit and a biscuit . my husband got the big gooey scramble mess that's actually the name with pancakes . the food came out really fast . my breakfast was just okay . the eggs and bacon were fine but the biscuit was kind of plastic tasting .
look no further , lynn is who you want doing your nails i promise ! after a friend referred her to me i texted her she followed up with me in a timely manner accommodated me into her schedule today , i was so excited . i go to med school cant have crazy nails so i told her what i wanted she went right for it making
we enjoyed our afternoon at j henry sons ! there was a group of 12 of us . we had called to reserve a tasting and tour . jamie was very excited to share all of her knowledge and stories about bourbon and wisconsin . i don't love bourbon , only a couple of us did , but we still enjoyed the cocktails and some tasting . you got a cocktail ,
jaclyn is the one ! give it a try , awesome area too . beautiful salon ! everyone
my son has been coming here for 3 years now and everyone is always very nice here and treats him great . he always leaves happy and with a smile on his face .
for a fast food chain , they know what they're doing with those thin meats and cute square burgers .
this place is great . been going here for years . richard and his crew are great . service with
i accidentally left my $ 400 bose headphones in the room . about an hour after i had checked out of the hotel i remembered that i left them in my room i had already bloarded an airplane i called the hotel to be told to fill out a missing item on charger back
i love this place , rick the new owner is very accomodating . my friend from england always has to visit samosa when she
i ve tried numerous of matcha ice cream place around the gta , and found the matcha here less bitter than other competitor . it has the matcha flavour
really really good restaurant . i had the arugula salad with crispy quinoa dungeneous crab salad and roasted lamb ribs . the salad was one of the best i have ever had , goat cheese , beets , mandarin oranges , arugula , crab with a avocado lime dressing . delicious ! they served us bread
i have ordered from this restaurant 3 times for delivery through grub hub and not once have i been disappointed . the food taste great and so is the price . their delivery service is fast . i live in
it was loud there but since it is open inside aria , you can still talk the food was outstanding . i had the mushroom soup and the mushroom risotto and then both were perfectly made and spice so
great food and great customer service . i would definitely come back . only thing i would recommend is advertising and making stacys pampered pig sign bigger so they can see
a friend introduced me to this location almost a year ago . i have been to other friendly thai locations but this one is the best ! i mainly get the coconut chicken soup , coconut rice , and the spring rolls . the food is always fresh , piping hot and tasty . i like to put some of my coconut rice into the soup . i have also had their pad thai with chicken there which is really yummy . the one thing that i find really interesting about this location is the their coconut chicken soup is the best out of the 3 locations i have been to .
love , love , love the foundry . the classes they offer are
highly recommend using homeowner's financial group for all your mortgage needs . we recently bought our first home and we had no idea where to begin . we were recommended to eric murietta by our realtors and he has been super easy to communicate with during the process . he and his team streamlined everything for us and educated us on the best decisions to be made .
how this restaurant positively differentiates itself from all the other chinese restaurants in town 1 . the only authentic chinese restaurant that i've experienced amazing service , which is very surprising since that's hard to come by for authentic asian restaurants . 2 . very clean ! clean dining room , clean restrooms , clean everything etc etc etc 3 . solid dishes .
i was a little dissatisfied this time around . i was told that if i did the buffing it would remove all scratches and they would include the vip wash and clean my mats too . i was also told the pin striping gunk would be removed from my driver side
great show and priced well . sat in the front row for reasonable amount . the illusions are unbelievable and he is a great
this has been my favorite mexican restaurant for decades ! the food is all made from scratch , from grandma's old family recipes , and the food is sublimely good . los compadres food is a great example of arizona style sonoran mexican food . this is a family owned , friendly restaurant , not a big chain restaurant , where employees often could care less about the food and the service . this family cares about the food quality and making your visit enjoyable . some of my
i got a body bliss at spa west , it was great . there
when we first entered celili's we were ignored for over ten minutes before we decided to switch to a different section . once we moved into amber's section she was a great server and the food was amazing ! i highly suggest that if you enjoy a good
the good the good thing about this theater is the stadium seating . that is , the seats are placed higher than the seats immediately in front of them , so everyone has unobstructed views of the screen . although most theaters are going to this style of seating , not all harkins theaters have done so . even though there is a theater closer to me shea 14 , i don't mind driving the extra few miles to get to north valley just for the comfort of their stadium seating . i especially love getting there early enough to score their front row of their balcony seats . these seats offer the added benefit of being able to put your feet up on the front row metal bars . the chairs rock back a little too . the combination of a completely unobstructed view , slightly reclining seats , and being able to put my feet up make it a pretty awesome way to watch a movie on the big screen . the
would not recommend ! i'm writing this review at 5pm while still sitting the patient room waiting to be seen by the dr ! horrific office staff . rude , unwelcoming and i've been sitting here since 3 15 for a 3 30 appt . a 3 30 appt and it's 5 00 and i haven't seen a dr or anyone else . i'm only here
food is always good here . the management will go out of their way
ooommmmmggggggg this was the best sushi i've had in a long time . very attentive staff terrific on ambience amazing selections of
great service and efficiency . i finally found hairdressers that know how
the worst place to eat food is disgusting , got charged twice to my
this place is cool . i enjoyed the free comedy show on thursday . thursdays also boasts $ 1 . 75 busch light cans plus 2 deep fried bacon wrapped hot dogs smothered in nacho cheese with fries for $ 3 . 95 . what a deal ! thursday also had goldfish races right after the comedy . this
very disappointed in quality of service from the waitress and quality of food . atmosphere was nice and great for
very nice spot for a first date coffee . with
used to be the best and my favorite place to come for refills on my lashes . because they were newer , it was easy to get same day or next day appts and everyone is nice . i was so happy when this location opened . i have had a lot of stylists here who were good and finally found one who was great . she recently left and i got frustrated because i started to come every 12 days due to lash fallout . i travel a lot and i've had my lashes done probably 10 times in the last 3 months . not this locations fault . i called to tell them my frustration for the last 2 visits here and the front desk girl was nice . said she was
this place is small and darling . not only is it cute , it's delicious
atlasta was the only caterer that got my vision of wanting food stations , not a buffet or appetizer station . they were so easy to work with and made us feel like they would do anything to ensure our day was perfect . they were very open and patient to all of our many changes and made our night perfect . they're food is also delicious ! it was not your
ok this pizza place , dom demarcos is awesome ! so excited to be moving back to las vegas near them . and they are delivering
robert my installer was kind , respectful and professional . he completed the work , cleaned
i love tropical smoothie cafe ! the experience that katie has provided has just made it better everytime ! katie is
love this place i'm a regular ! great food , good service
i love indian food and this place knows how to do it right . my boyfriend goes here once a week and they know him by name , that's dedication . you can range on how spicy you want it and i love
just picked up two orders of meat lasagna to go . they were fantastic . it
really happy with two recent orders . gorgeous arrangements ! delivered as asked with no
i ordered delivery , the food came earlier than anticipated which was great ! i got the individual meals , beef hunan and also ordered the orange chicken one too . both were delicious and had enough for left overs ! the noodles were soft and incredibly flavored . now not everything is perfect hence the
brian is absolutely the best promoter in las vegas . he knows everything and everyone and can do
atria's has this funny reputation in pittsburgh . some people think it's just the best thing since sliced bread , and others , like myself never really understood . i finally was afforded the opportunity to go and found it to be passable . mind you , this review obviously pertains only to the south hills location . maybe the other s ? are very different . we had lunch and i was able to photograph 4 entrees and personally try the soup beef and barley and a salad seafood cobb . the soup was good but unimaginative . but then again , it's beef and barley . i think it's kind of the point . actually the beef itself was quite good but there were only a couple pieces in the cup . it reminded me that the one consistent thing i've heard about atria's is the pot roast nachos . so maybe
awesome midwest breakfast food and even better midwest service ! you have to try
tried their weekend brunch with bottomless mimosas and will never go back . $ 20 per person . after sitting there our waitress needed to be told we were there and she only checked on us once again as we were almost done , luckily we had to go up and get our own nasty mimosas . most did not seem to eat their prime rib because it seemed too rare , by the time i decided to try it , it
great service . fresh food . we had the crab
ordered two bento deluxe and they tasted so bad we left most of them . no wonder this place was empty . there were two staff members inside . one was sitting at a table busy playing with his phone . the second one , who served us with the enthusiasm of a zombie , collapsed on the table next to us
relaxed neighborhood vaguely irish style bar and grill atmosphere . the staff is very friendly , i was coughing and the lady at the register spontaneously pulled 3 cough drops out of her pocket for me . mostly american food but
food is pretty good but service is not good at all . i went for lunch and didn't order the buffett the staff acted all put out by that ,
spin is the antithesis of your old style pool hall clean and modern . antiseptic and charmless . attractive and inviting . dull and
we stayed here the night after staying at the palms and loved it again . the only things we didn't like were the pools here compared to the palms . they were over crowded
hello folks after a night out at the royal , decided to check this place out ! for burritos , i've had far better and far worse . this place is just so so . but i was so torn ! heard so much about this place and it came highly recommended ! the good cool space , half open patio is kinda cool looking over busy college st . in little italy uber friendly staff ! the fact you can choose between small and large , sometimes a large burrito is just too large ! large burrito is a size of a baby d the meh you'd expect a wicked burrito from
omfg ! my favorate store in the universe like honestly it has the cuties things you could ever want . i love buying my jeans from there like no joke that place is hot . the girls that work there know how to dress and are so pretty . i love shoping there i shop there like 20 times in a month i cant stop going there . like just walking by there gives you
awesome service thank you ! from robin who hooked me up with numbers and did a she could to help cut our tow bill down ,
we tried the sandwiches and crepes they been good but didn't exited us like the tiny shop we
there are mixed reviews on here and i can appreciate why . depending on the day and time you go , it can be calm and relaxing with great selection or mobbed and a poor selection . also , you may get alot of help or no help at all . just be aware that it's a popular place during the weekend sales and the interesting pieces may all be sold out . then a few
they were quick and helpful ! they took care of my oil
i recently moved to gilbert from las vegas and hadn't been out too much to explore until my friends came to visit . i loveee ice cream and had received a coupon in the mail from rock n' robyn , so i figured what better time than now to try it ? ! the staff at the time were two ladies , i didn't catch their names unfortunately the blonde one was very upbeat and friendly when she greeted us . our ice creams were large and in charge to say the least ! i was very pleased with the
we were here on a late tuesday night , and when we got there it wasn't very busy at all . the value is great , for approx . $ 16 you can get a big sushi combo and the portions are huge ! all of us struggled to finish
they have a vast variety of flavours and combos . i love their wintermelon milk tea ! prices
love this place . been here once a week since we tried
looks like the food has been sitting out for awhile . nothing was replaced when needed . looked disgusting . i even mentioned it to the staff member and she didn't even acknowledge me
i had a quote from giovanni two years ago to remake my cushion for my oversized chaise lounge by my pool . it was a big investment , so i put it off for a couple of years . when i called him back , his price had gone up only slightly on the labor . i was glad since i had waited so long to
forget about trying to place a pick up order during lunch . horrible service over the phone and when
i work in the business park here , so i come from time to time to grab lunch here . this place has a pretty good selection of gyro stuff and salads and all that . personally , though , i go for the chicken fingers with fries . they're pretty good , and even better when they're paired with their cucumber sauce . they also have other less cool sauces ketchup , mustard , ranch
love love love so glad foiegwa has become a staple in the neighbourhood of little burgundy saint henri . whether it's brunch or dinner this place has won
great food , great service and will definitely make this
great food , resonabke prices . also agree with their message , they are really trying to raise
how do they make the food so tasteless ? and the tartar sauce , has no taste . isn't the point
this place is pretty cool ! i liked it so much we went twice in one weekend . i can't think of another restaurant that is as unique as portillo's . the building looks like a diner out of the 50's . inside , the place is decorated in a super cute way with lots of interesting signs . they play oldies music and have ample seating . outdoor seating is available too and they have umbrellas to keep you cool and heaters outside to keep you warm . ordering is quick and the pricing is very fair ! what i really loved about portillo's was the italian beef sandwich with mozzarella . omg , the best beef sandwich in town . they put what they call gravy i call au jus
my wife and i had a great time here celebrating our anniversary . great views of downtown , the service was good . however keep in mind it's not a fast paced kind of restaurant ,
okay , it might be my mistake for ordering pastries at an indian food place , but i wanted dessert and postmates delivers . i got 2 cakes , some type of chocolate pastry , and chocolate mousse . all the cakes
this place is amazing . it quaint right in the heart of busy charlotte . our entire meal , which included appetizer , entree
they did outstanding install of engineered hardwood flooring on two bedrooms and two hallways . brian , the owner , went out of his way to find materials . initially , we considered using home depot with their engineered hardwood flooring . they outsource it to another company but we were not entirely confident . besides , we like using mom and pop companies . he used a subcontractor named mike sharp . his group works very hard he can handle many unforeseen situations . for example , we had a crack in the foundation where he did a wonderful patch so that the flooring would be smooth . also , he
before our trip to toronto , i've done a lot and i mean a lot of research before deciding on khao san road . so here we are , starving and tired after all day of walking around toronto . we got to the restaurant and were greeted by a group of people waiting their turn to be seated . after few minutes the waitress hostess came out to take our names . it took about 30 min from the time we got there to the time we were seated at the table not bad . we ordered yellow and panang curry , which
second time coming to this restaurant , the first time was at the location downtown st catherine and i wasn't a huge fan . this saturday decide to stop off somewhere to eat before heading home and we didn't want mcdonald or subways . it was pretty busy but we were seated quickly in a nice section not the bar . drinks came quickly which is an automatic star right there lol . the cheese sticks
don't get me wrong the food here is amazing ! but the way we were treated tonight was terrible and enough to make the food not worth going back . after ordering our food , we were told a server would come to our table for us , because we specifically asked for them to order some drinks from our table since we hadn't decided yet . once we sat down , we waited at least 15 minutes . a woman brought our food and
a nice option for fresh , hot pizza . inside new york , new york .
way too much bread in deep dish pizza ! i ordered a mushroom and garlic deep dish and the thing was huge and heavy . took the first slice out and was very disappointed . i was expecting tons of cheese and mushrooms , all i got was bread . couldn't even taste the garlic and the mushrooms were obsolete . very few ! sauced smothered all over the top . it
i love quiet storm ! i think it's as good as you can get for vegan cuisine . the country burrito is bomb ! so good , there has to be crack in the gravy . i also enjoy the tahini queso , i often add it to my burrito . it's best on the nachos . for around $ 13 you can get a delicious filling breakfast brunch coffee tea included . they also have great pastries dairy
love the beer selection and the fun atmosphere here . the stone fire pies and wings are
everything you have heard about this amazing cafe is true ! the service is spectacular . food is incredible . the menu is
delicious tarts and excellent iced latte ! this place was like a
this is a new theater and it is amazing ! they serve beer and wine . how awesome is that ! the chairs recline too . i felt like i was in my own home watching a movie on a
love coming to this ulta because it's close to where i live and the customer service is amazing ! i appreciate that there is someone on the floor that always asks if i need help finding anything . also want to give a huge shout out
petals and twigs is located on the 3rd level in toronto life square . as soon as you get off the escalator , you can't help but being drawn to this beautiful little flower boutique . i needed a bouquet of flower for a house warming party that afternoon . i had never ordered flower
this place was good but not as good as the rio . it has different
atmosphere is fantastic , and the staff are great . i really like the selection and that they make a point of highlighting their local drinks . the food was also unique and delicious . however ,
taco tuesday ! this place is now my go to . we sampled almost every taco cause i never met a plate of tacos i couldn't conquer . when we arrived we were put on a wait . which with a hour to go . kinda surprising . but , we found a nice spot at the bar and decided
a sugar shack in the heart of st henry . no need to drive 30 45 min out of town . they offer local ingredients and at 30 $ adult and 20 $ kid for an all you can eat . the only thing is that you will not find any ham , sweet sausage in syrup , creton or oreille de criss on the menu . you do have bacon and mergez . still . it would of been nice to have , at the very least , some oreille de criss . onto the food . bland ! i think they were out of salt , vinegar . anything that would give life to the food
i loved the still it was awesome . tvs everywhere you look the ultimate man cave . the food was so delicious . the chili cheese dog was massive so only order one at a time haha . the chips and salsa were great to snack on while waiting for our cocktails . cocktail waitresses were so friendly
i love this place . the decor , the customer service and the food ! i'm here in vegas on vacation but i ate at this place every single day since i got here . they servers were on top of things . the second we
if you're going to get a tattoo it's wise to do some research first on where you want it done and by whom . there's nothing wrong with being picky , and if need to pick one place in toronto that offers both appointments and
food was very good . customer
this is one of my favorite restaurants in charlotte ! everytime i come here , it is packed ! best thing to do is to download their app , so that way you can put your name on the waitlist when you are within a decent radius of the restaurant . they do not take reservations . the food and service is on point ! i
we had a groupon like many other reviewers . i will agree that the atmosphere is very un phoenix like , and for that , i'll give them props . it's a very relaxing place to be . however , i also like food , and well , i didn't like the food here . we got a pulled pork sandwich and a salad , and with two iced teas , we exceeded our $ 20 groupon . ouch . i wouldn't be upset about that if the value were good , but read on . the bbq sandwich was two pieces of sandwich bread topped with a portion of meat that was so wet that the bottom piece of bread was soaked . it was rendered a knife and fork entree . that wouldn't be a deal breaker ,
ok here is an update on putt putt . my daughter crista got stuck again this afternoon because the little bastardo wouldn't start . 30 minutes she tried . finally it started . she calls me but i was at the gym . i actually heard my phone which never rings at the gym as those who know me know not to call me at those times . but i answered the phone and it was her telling me it took her 30 minutes to
great freshly made falafel . the salads are top quality . they have poster that detail
wouldn't recommend this location . the food was ok , but the service was crap . the table was sticky and dirty , they forgot my drink order , forgot to mention there was gratuity included , and took forever to bring my friend's change back
early dinner during happy hour . carnitas were top notch guacamole fresh salsas with little taste . the place was more like a take out place with eat in patrons served on scratched up plastic plates that look like
my husband and i stayed recently here for a wedding . we were placed in room 338 it was a perfect room for what we wanted ! privacy proximity to the main pool and lobby are always a must for us . all of the staff was friendly and the golf cart drivers were beyond knowledgable and helpful ! the resort grounds were beautiful
convenient hotel for the airport and or subway and go transit . staff was friendly with quick check in . free breakfast includes the standard residence inn fare of fresh cooked scrambled eggs , sausage , ham plus a waffle station , cereals , etc .
for a moment you walk back into buffalo with amazing tastes and smells ! the chicken
we have been going to thai food corner for years . it is our all around favorite thai restaurant in mesa . great food , great prices .
if you haven't already heard , this is the best
cannot even say enough how much i love alicia and chris . we decided to elope and had two weeks to plan the entire wedding . chris was great throughout the entire process everything from general questions to recommending a wedding venue . alicia did our photographs and , from what i've seen , they are nothing less than amazing ! she
i visited this rink with my church's youth for a party and i really liked this roller rink . the staff was friendly , the rink was clean and not slippery
one word forgettable . it's only been a couple months since i was in here , and already i've forgotten what we ate . i remember the group we were with . i remember the service was attentive to our large
i previously ordered t shirts so from roadkill and was happy with them . i tried ordering again but never received the shirts . after many times trying to call and contact
i was incredibly disappointed with the selection and quality of food . i'm really not that picky with buffets . as long as i can find 2 or 3 items that i genuinely like , i walk away happy . i could barely find one item that i truly enjoyed . i should clarify that this buffet isn't terrible . i just expected better from
great mexican food for a late night on the run , or for lunch . i prefer the carne asada quesadilla and a coke , but that is my fix at most dive mexican food places such as this . the prices have gone up since they moved from mcdowell rd . , but they are still very reasonable and still serve good portions . it's like many mexican food trucks .
great dj , played really good hip hop . good crowd all the way around , and my bartender was awesome . you could tell they had good
jake is one of the most honest guys i've come across . highly recommend tempe auto repair they do an unbelievable job . i showed them a quote i got
we had a lot of tacos , half lengua fries , and horchata . fries good , but lots of sauce and sour cream on top . the meat was good , but towards the end , the softness fluffiness started to bother me . would skip next time and get another taco , since we were stuffed as well . tacos 1 . adobada x2 delicious 2 . suadero great 3 . buche
amazing food ! due to unforeseen circumstances we showed up almost two hours late for our reservation and just before
looking for a place to wash a huge comforter . this place fits the bill without
was all willing to give your over priced super salty empanadas another shot at glory , man . but when called recently , over an hour past your stated open , no one picked up . i've worked
if you think you've had a sandwich , you are wrong . prior to going to this place you have not had a sandwich . you have only had meat with bread and toppings . here you will receive a true sandwich . with bread freshly made and toasted in store . the holiday turkey should be on your must
the bouillabaisse was the star of the show . one of the best i'd
nachos are an enormous portion and delicious . this spot features a ton of tvs for watching the big game
came into roundtable buffet for lunch on a monday with a group of 9 and were seated right away . the space in this buffet is massive , lots of tables and a large area for food , as well as drinks . but during lunch , only 4 sections of buffet were open for lunch , and honestly , there wasn't such a diverse selection to choose from . you've got your chinese food , salad bar , a couple choices for pizza , a small meat station and other forgettable
think bejewelled everything . hats , shirts ,
awesome seafood and really great service from the waitstaff . the crabcake my husband and i enjoyed as an appetizer was spot on . just awesome ! everything we ate was exceptional . interior wise , i think the ambiance is lacking a bit and feels significantly like a bar . this place is so amazing that if the inside
have gone to this place both for a small breakfast on an off day , and a mother's day brunch . even though it was busier than heck , they had a great buffet breakfast thing for mothers day which was wonderful
i was strolling around noda after some meetings and was looking to cop a hearty lunch with a cold adult beverage . i walked into jack beagles and sat at the bar . it was a very inviting atmosphere and the staff was friendly . as i checked out the menu , i noticed that they gave many of the dishes colorful nicknames . i thought to myself , this concept can either create a local legend or go horribly awry . at that very moment , i saw a cheesesteak they offered called the stugots , which is italian slang for a variation of stu cazz or stu cazzo i . e . my d k or my balls , or my d k and my balls terms used
my laptop stopped working , so i have to ship it to toshiba for repairs . i paid $ 30 for shipping . it took 3 days to get the prepaid box . called 1877fedex to schedule a pick up . the rep told me a driver would be here today to pick up my laptop . she even asked me what was the lastest they could come today . i said before closing and have the driver ring my bell . i'm not sitting my package outside . it's now a little after 8pm . i called them at noon . come to find out she put in my pick up for monday 4 18 ! and
in the path , you often find the typical starbucks , second cup , and even now a mccafe . though they're fast and sometimes cheap . i'm just dying for a good coffee that perks me up without the sour acidity of bad old beans . thankfully i found sam james in the path and at 2 pm . zero line up . they had both sides open with a barista so it was quickly moving the very short line . the barista was pleasant and was able
i used to love this place
seriously , the best fish tacos in the valley . they are a great size and just the right amount of breading . the fish is juicy and delicious and
seriously people . stop going to other wing joints . this is probably one of the best places in town and the best prices in town and the best flavors in town and the best gat damn deserts in town . of course its all subjective but i havent met one person that has been here not say one bad
i am sure that many people who come to las vegas to gamble or vacation and who have a large tolerance for smoke can enjoy this hotel . i came here for a technical meeting and found this hotel very inappropriate for that purpose . my single star is in that context . 1 . walking in and out of the hotel from either my room or the conference section , required walking through a very long and very smoky casino . smoke gives me a headache . 2 . the air conditioning seems to connect
the food here is always good . this place can get very packed on the weekends so honestly plan ahead . also it's worth the wait . if you ask for oj you will get fresh squeezed oj and it's oh so good . the dutch baby is so yummy
barre3 is quickly becoming my all time favorite workout . i'm in my mid 30s , was never super active , and barre3 is a perfect mix of cardio and strengthening , not too strenuous but still an awesome workout . as a special bonus , the owner vicki and all of the barre3 instructors are incredibly friendly , down to earth , and great at their jobs ! the class format is typically 30 40 minutes of aerobic cardio mixed with movement yoga positions . the remainder of the hour is deeper stretching and strength building using
yum a licious ! freaking good pizza ! thin crust extra cheese ! mmm ! i'm
this is my favorite coffee spot . i get a caramel nut latte that is curated to perfection . i drive more
great place . i come here for bike boxes when i need to ship something big . they always come through . i've bought tires here
i'm very confidant in the skills of thomas erased tattoo being able to remove my tats . the office is clean , high tech and so is the equipment . the treatment stings best way i'd describe it briefly , and
i came here for a 30th birthday party last weekend for the first time . everyone was extremely helpful and the room that my friends family
i came here for a quick non las vegas strip lunch and was surprised as to how much i liked everything ! there are not descriptions on the menu , but the friendly cashier will gladly explain what each menu item is . we ordered the hummus , club sandwich and asian chicken sandwich . the club sandwich flavorful and had a lot of meat . the hummus was just okay carrots were slimy . my asian chicken salad
inexperienced stylist , overpriced and not doing what
nice little coffee shop off midvale blvd . i came here in the afternoon and the workers were quick to serve us and the coffee always tastes great . the inside is cozy , but is semi small , so if you are looking for some place to study there may or
top notch outfit ! friendly staff , great location and a very nice experience was had by all present . safety training before you use the facilities is provided for all first time visitors , and the store also has many wonderful things to check out and rent if you are so inclined
made a 1 00 pm appointment . arrived at 12 45 pm . it's now 2 30 and i am still sitting in lobby waiting for my name to be called . first time at this facility . i am having a serious eye issue or i would have walked out long
it took me 17 minutes to get through the drive thru . what i thought was going to be a quick pitstop to grab
great food , decent portion sizes , good prices , awesome food choices
this place surprisingly ranks the top places for dim sum . added bonus of
we may have caught them during a extremely busy time since there were two large conventions going on . the hostess was very friendly and kept our table open even though we ran late by almost a half hour .
ratings food 6 10 drink 9 10 service 9 10 value 6 10 hygiene 9 10 aesthetics 7 10 i came here for brunch on sunday . i had heard quite a bit of positive things so we had to give this place a try . a few of us ended up getting the brunch bowl and one of us got the mushroom benny . i added a side of home fries after looking at the portions from adjacent tables . the brunch bowl was absolutely mediocre , the eggs over cooked at the bottom and undercooked on
we were so excited to find out there was an authentic japanese crepe place in toronto ! the store is quite small , with limited seating available . there are stools outside for people to sit on , which is nice . we got the pork belly okonomiyaki crepe . the crepe was piping hot and freshly made . it was tasty and quite a good size for 8 $ . i shared it with someone , and it filled us both . the pork belly
not happy with my
we just found this awesome new place ! new owners . very friendly . the food is excellent and fresh ! our favorite is the 1
enjoyed a tucson favorite on top level el guero canelo sonoran dog although 5 $ more than in tucson . big game vs rockies same division race with la . come early for batting practice . fyi rockies done sign autographs maybe because they lost 8
this clinic is awesome . i brought my kitten here for her shots and a wellness exam . the clinic staff are incredibly friendly and helpful . i saw d d'arcy and she too , was absolutely incredible . it's evident that the people who work here love their jobs and the animals that they treat ! dr d'arcy even sent me a follow up email
best tacos ever ! they don't have a huge menu at all . its pretty much just a taco shop . but the best taco shop ever ! especially if you sit outside . you feel like your at a family
our first and only time here . first , you have to pay for the chips . what mexican place charges for chips ? i saw something black in my ice in my soda . i am usually the person who tough things out at restaurants but that was gross . the layout is like it will be quick but we waited over 30 minutes for food . i
i visit phoenix occasionally for work and have passed by this pizza place several times . in the evening , the you can see inside the restaurant from the street and it has always looked very inviting . i had some time tonight and was on the hunt for pizza . i stopped in and was immediately greeted by a server named vanda . she was awesome . very attentive and took some extra time to help me decide what to have for dinner . vanda made an appearance often . i don't like when i have to scan a restaurant to see if my server went home for the night . vanda stopped by the table often to check in on me . i had
found our favorite chinese restaurant . the food was hot , fresh and delicious . and super large portions also . the service was friendly and attentive . we ordered the family dinner a came with soup , egg rolls ,
amazing service received . thoroughly impressed with brian mcclay and
the beers here are way upper upper top shelf . the mad scientist , mad chad , has concocted a many of fabulosos to tickle thou taste buds . this
the most life changing , mind blowing experience of my life ! the superhuman life is the only way to live ! there is no better way ! i feel fabulous , look great , and
this stupid rag newspaper continues to show up in my mail box they are the original
my sandwich was huge and really quite tasty ! service was super friendly and quick for there only being one person working i assume matt ,
love my gym the day walk nick and jack were there with open arms to guide thru this journey i'm going thru . anytime
going to the q or progressive field ? stop in for a drink at the bar or get a full meal in the dinning room .
my favorite breakfast place without a doubt ! best pancakes ever ! love their skillets and huevos rancheros they have delicious benedict's as well ! only
great little spot with amazing garlic bread and the best eggplant parmesan anywhere . i'm vegetarian so i get eggplant parm a lot and
if you are a candy lover , this place is out of this world . there is everything that you can possibly imagine . as i meandered through the store , i was overwhelmed by all the sugary confections to try . i was sold on the counter with all the chocolate goodies . peering through the glass , i spotted chocolate covered potato chips . what an odd concoction ! however , i was blown away by the harmony of flavors or sweet and salty . i
this starbucks is one of my favorites . the staff member that took my order was paitent and took the time to assist me with a few coffee related questions , my drink was
i was surprised to find out the grand luxe was a chain restaurant tied with cheesecake factory . i personally don't care for cheesecake factory so this was a pleasant surprise that their menu vastly differs from their counterpart . their menu was pages and pages in length . i wanted to order so many items ! staying at the palazzo in december had led us 6 girls not want to venture out much in the cold and just dine in primarily the palazzo or the venetian . it so happened that we ended up here for both breakfast lunch and dinner this past trip . for breakfast lunch they offer lunch specials for a reasonable price and from the looks of what my friends ordered , the portions seem filling to the point of having leftovers . after a night of drinking , i always crave soup . my friend mentioned pho earlier and we read the zen noodles description which sounded like pho so i thought to give it a try . it tasted similar to pho , but lacking flavor . it did come with chili , basil , and bean sprouts . it did the job and hit te spot and was enjoyable . for dinner , i had an ahi appetizer which was fantastic . it tasted
their website states that it's a 20 minute wait . i waited 2 hours and 12 minutes for a sore throat . the doctor spent less than 2 minutes with me and told me to gargle salt
ok ok , only reason for 4 stars and not 5 is , and even they will admit , service sometimes , can be pretty slow . they need more servers ! i know it saves them money but i think they lose business because of sometimes how spread thin the waitresses are to like 6 tables . now me being a local i know that they have that problem but people coming into the restaurant aren't greeted by anyone and sometimes for a minute or two . pobrecitos , i bet they come in and think well , off to another restaurant .
i've been here several times but tonight i was in a rush bc i wanted to go see my mom so i ordered takeout the bar manager coleen is the best her
consider this week my car dealership phase . given that most of the living world hates buying cars , i feel that it is important to shed some light onto the good and badder than bad adventures in carland . yesterday , i shared a badder than bad , but today i am happy to share a delightful experience ! this is all about my sales experience , as i have never gotten service because we did not end up purchasing a rover . so , we're not officially ballin' , but i really wanted to make it rain at land rover . the ride was smooth but not a limousine for all you prince fans , and our sales guide was just that cool . first of all , her name was
for the price and the availability it was pretty awesome . amazing atmosphere and the food was also just as tasteful too . the price is pretty high but it does reflect
we went to lavo for my birthday dinner , and it did not disappoint . definitely the best of the three restaurants we went to for dinner during this most recent trip to las vegas . for an appetizer we had the meatball and it was super delicious . how could we not order
my wife and i bought a new mattress a couple of months ago and realized that we picked the wrong one for us . this one came with a 90 day sleep trial we really appreciate the wonderful customer service we received when replacing
dined here on 5 17 . average at best . food ok , margaritas eh . service ok . ambience eh . there's two other similar restaurants that i can think of in las vegas that offer more authenticity , tastier
love this place ! down home cooking . the banana
come here around 4 30 or 5 and they never have steak or chicken ready or cooked ,
we decided to grab dinner and take a break from christmas shopping . when we entered there was only one other table that had people dining but when we left the place was full . our server was very sweet and was constantly checking in on us . we ordered the crab angels , chicken satay and kung pow shrimp . the king pow shrimp has a very light crust on it that was
the wedding and service up to the day of was great ! the only thing i would suggest to anyone planning to get married here is to make sure you read all of the paperwork . first there are no outside pictures allowed . meaning none of your guest can take pictures on the property ! secondly don't buy any floral arrangements on your own . they're not allowed . you can only use there's , which of course is for a fee . last but
couldn't be happier with the work they did on my propellers and my drives . adam goes the extra mile by even picking up to make things easier on you . customer service is great and full of knowledge . all in all i
found this great local place while droppings kids at school across the street . they have a great selection if flavors and make some great lattes and holiday drinks . they also have tasty baked foods to
this w is amazing ! staff is incredible . i brought my mom here for a mother daughter trip for her bday and they treated us like royalty . sophie and sandrine are the best concierges in the city . they recommended the best restaurants . they were so thoughtful and sent a bday champagne and
gross ! reminded me of school cafeteria food . i had to get full off of mashed potatoes and gravy . my husband could only eat the french fries
quite literally next door to dante's restaurant , dante next door serves up a limited menu and limited hours to cater to the brunching crowds . personally , i'm not a huge brunch person , but my friend wanted to try it out so i agreed . we were the first to arrive at 10 30am and we were the only guests in the restaurant , but things certainly started to pick up after 11 00am . our server was friendly , and was able to describe the specials and answer all of our questions . i ended up trying the margherita pizza while my friend got the omelette special . i found the prices to be a bit higher than i expected for brunch . the margherita pizza was decently priced at $ 10 but all the other pizza options were $ 13 and up while the other more breakfasty options were between $ 10 and $ 13 . my friend was happy to find that their orange juice
i live close and it's so great having a fast , friendly , reliable and affordable place to go to . i was in and out of my oil
firsts time visit here , and got take out . cantonese chow mein and stir fried rice noodle and beef . large size is great value
as a clevelander who moved south about 5 years ago , i was very excited to stumble upon this brewery last saturday before we went to a concert at first energy stadium . the beers here were tasty , and my non beer drinking brother was happy that there was liquor
this place has a great brewery atmosphere , something sorely lacking the the danforth . they make their own beer , right across the glass wall from the main dining room . their own beers are fresh and tasty you can taste the freshness
the location is good , and the patio can be wonderful on a winter afternoon . the food , however , seems to be about 20 overpriced for what you receive . it isn't bad , mind you , but it certainly isn't worth the prices they charge . the bar area gets very
great place to chill on the patio with friends ! loved the patio ! their
easy to schedule an appointment online . dr . crawford was on time , quick but thorough . the lady who did my procedures
yuck , just yuck ! my boyfriend and i came down to vegas for a weekend getaway . there were 3 of us girls and 3 guys . the boys wanted to hit a few stripclubs without us so we went to a thunder show . way , way tom much raunch , it
yeah , i would go back and play in their poker room again . it was
wow ! first time here , we ordered the arugula salad and the margarita pizza . amazing !
incredible products as well as fantastic customer service from the business owner , sarah . the village in which she is located is absolutely beautiful .
i hesitated coming back to this location but it was the closest to our events that day . service was much better today , possibly because it was mother's day . the food , as always , was high quality . my husband enjoyed
this was the worst clubbing experience i've ever had . promoter eric shine offered my group a table outside at an all inclusive rate of 1 , 400 tip , tax , drinks and then offered an upgraded table inside for 1 , 500 . we booked the table inside . when we arrived eric was not present to escort us in and the staff at xs said we could not have a table inside . we were charged 2 , 000
we have been going to the persimmon for years . we love the food and the quality of the
this is a small theatre , but it is big in value ! they offer your less ordinary , indie type theatre that is a nice change
katherine has been doing my hair for over a 3 years and absolutely an amazing stylist . i am beyond picky with who i select to get my hair done by . i am from new york so i am use to having a good stylist and i know the difference between having a person who knows what they are doing and those that don't . i know when i am being pressured into a test object and when someone really knows how to treat my hair and not just what they want to do to my head . i know when someone will say i understand you want to do this , but honestly as a stylist i cannot recommend this for your hair , you only doing damage and those professionals are very hard to find . i have had those bad experiences of people testing on my head as if i am a lab rat . well , look no longer because this young lady is amazing and you won't regret her taking care of you and doing a great job . she takes her time , she's respectful , she's professional and very welcoming . it's hard to find a good blow out spot in arizona ,
rei used to have the best customer service . over the past few years , i've had several negative experiences with the madison store . first was a defective rei jacket zipper which they refused to warranty , second was a ripped big agnes tent seam they refused to facilitate the warranty had to go through the original manufacturer directly , which worked out fine . most recently , i bought a roof rack that came with a defective part small metal adapter
writing a review for ikea is like writing a review for mcdonalds . the experience is so ubiquitous , why bother ? and yet , i feel impelled , because a manager did something exceptionally nice for me today . i've been shopping at ikea all my adult life . my sister and i go wild for it . my first beloved ikea was the one in staten island . when i learned charlotte would finally get its own , i went ape sh t . ikea has brought so much joy to my life , i've considered writing it into my will . sike so , i'm normally in out before noon but today i sashayed in with the
probably wouldn't stop here again . customer service was terrible . had one girl roll her eyes at my order in separate bags , then i
at golden steer i finally found a ribeye steak better than i can make at home . if you are a steak lover and in vegas make the effort to find this place . everything about this ribeye was right the quality of the meat , the proper
if i could give it a 0 . i would . worst place ! don't go . they never have the food you want ! not fresh ! one of the employees aggravated
horrible . dont waste ur trip here . at least my experience was . i was craving denny's , and the wait was longer than i was told because kitchen was backed up . we got skipped as well . the manager sat us in a rush , very unprofessional he seemed frustrated . he's given that position to deal with situations like these
my wife has me supporting local business instead of the other place that originated from wa . i really like the black white coffee drink hot and recently i've noticed the breakfast menu available , nice ! . but i am not understanding the doggie as the logo or mascot i recently became a cat lover , so , c'est la vie . different , local , and pretty
met a friend for brunch last saturday was totally disappointed in not only the level of service but the quality and taste of the food . the omelette center was runny and uncooked and the extra side of peppered bacon greasy
over the years , i've watched while the prices have risen steadily , including a very sharp increase right about the time jimmy john started building that obscene house of his . hmmmmm . i wonder if there's a connection . meanwhile , quality and quantity of ingredients has declined substantially . what was once my favorite place to grab a sandwich isn't even on my list anymore . kinda sad . i wholeheartedly agree with the other reviewer who complained about the avocado . the
i really wanted to like this place hearing that they are from italy . but i really dont have much to say about it . i had a regular
want a relaxed experience and a yummilicious meal ? try pinky's west side grill . only drawback was the loud traffic but the outdoor
cool place ! we stopped in for dinner , and while the place was kind of dead , had a great inexpensive meal unheard of vegas . those chips are damn delicious and nearly ruined my 3 steak taco dinner . happy
the illuminati may be a secret society that this coffee shop's theme is based on , but it's no secret that illumilatte brew society has some amazing coffee . i had the salted caramel frappe and a giant pistachio macaron . i must say , the salted caramel frappe was exactly what i had expected it to be sweet and that hint of saltiness that you can kinda notice which really balances the drink out . it's served in a tall glass , which to me makes the drink taste that much better . the macaron was so good and it's bigger than most macarons i see in other coffee shops ! they also have a variety of these colorful confections that go well with any drink you decide to get hot or cold . the staff is all super friendly and very personable . who doesn't like big smiles and casual small talk with their barista ? as for
i love coming to this place . i've been here a couple of times and the food quality is still at top notch ! i love their lunch specials . it comes with spring roll and soup , their spring roll is always crispy and their
hothouse is a very good restaurant to get together with either family or friends . the menu has a good selection , and the wine list provides
very good vegetarian food and you can
nice and quiet place to have burgers with friends and family . also , there are some very nice window view seats . the
this is a very nice patisserie at the aria in las vegas . i really enjoyed everything i ate here very
i really liked the food here i like that they had an option for gluten free . my son loves the pancakes here as well . the service was just ok nothing to brag about on the service
just didn't have flavor for me . i know it's really popular .
used to love going here , but the cleanliness of the place has greatly diminished . they're trying to cover the stink with air fresheners , but it's not doing the job . here's a pro tip for sacks management get some water down the floor drains in bathrooms , kitchen ,
lizzy is so nice ! she is a true artist ! she knows how hair grows in and how to fit it to your face ! i love
kohl's is a nice place to shop if you have coupons and stuff is on sale otherwise their ''regular'' prices are super high . the stores are always clean and stocked well . they have a nice juniors department but again regular price on a dress being $ 75 then marked down to $ 37 . 50 is still a $ 37 . 50 dress . at kohl's , which is high . they have small carts you can use in the store which is very helpful in a mall type setting . there is ample parking out back so if kohl's
a few friends and i recently took a trip to vegas . the only place my boyfriend needed to go to was bouchon , as he is obsessed with thomas keller . someday we are going to make a trip to california specifically for french laundry . but anyway ! we had brunch here and it was beyond phenomenal . we started off with the mussels and words cannot describe them . we thought we ordered the dozen but instead we were brought the larger portion and it's a good thing they did because we sucked them down . all together we ordered the steak frites , chicken and waffles , croque madame , and gravlax
worth to try at least once but i don't think i could come here again . this place is on the pricier end of sushi places and although the quality is good , i don't think it made up for it . our group made reservations for 4 for 7pm on a friday night which is
it's very very average but one of the very few sushi options in the area . we had grilled saba , a medium sashimi plate 45pcs and 6 malpeque oysters between 4 people 2 are small eaters . the oysters were decently fresh and okay sized . came with a variety of sauces to accompany including a ponzu , horseradish , tabasco , and marinara . the saba was grilled well . it didn't come with sauce , i'm used to some tangy ponzu or teriyaki sauce on the side . when i asked for some sauce on the side , i was told it didn't come with sauce and if i wanted some teriyaki sauce they'd charge me for it . really not impressed with that . it would've cost them 5cents and they wanna charge me for it ? the saba was done well but really put off by them wanting to charge me for a little teriyaki sauce . the sashimi plate was very pretty and the fish was decently fresh . some of the sashimi was flavoured with spices or seared . the flavor combination was
this place was great . nice , casual , food had modern feel . can't remember the names of what we ordered but got one curry dish , a noodle dish and a specialty
one of the best spas if not the best spa here in vegas . the customer service was great . i liked the atmosphere . it was very clean and eye appealing .
this hotel is fantastic ! the staff is amazing , friendly and super helpful . the rooms look newly renovated and very
wonderful ! we stumbled upon this while looking for a light dinner after a show at the wynn . we had a meat cheese platter that was perfect ! the bread served
this was basically my first time moving so i really had no idea how to mange the entire process . i also couldn't afford to screw this up in terms of time and money . so naturally the first place i looked was yelp for a solid moving company . i really couldn't argue with a place with such stellar reviews by fellow yelpers so i decided to give them a try . i talked to justin a week or so before my move to set everything up and get some questions answered . he was friendly and professional and setting everything up was a breeze . on the day of my move , the 2 movers showed up
top notch , honest prices , and quality work . i've gone here for years and the quality and pleasant demeanor of the employees has never wavered . they take you out , under your vehicle , and show you their recommendations . they give you
there's a reason why this place is always packed . because it's so good and worth the wait ! their quality of sushi is
we have had 2 iphone screens repaired here they do a great job . i actually thought the second
needed a place close to work to meet my boyfriend at for lunch . saw the really good reviews and decided to try . the food is super delicious ! even more so the service we received was great ! eileen took care of us and
took my benz here after being told i had an electrical nightmare by another shop and estimated it to be over $ 1k . surprise car care found and repaired the issue the same day for 75 less than quoted at the other place ! i had another small issue that mike and his
prices are reasonable , the dogs seem to enjoy it there , and they do a thorough job . the staff was friendly ,
this is my 2nd favorite store in charlotte . blacksheep gets a slight nod but i do love this place . clothing and sneakers are 2 things that i cannot live without , and social status has the best selection in charlotte of the brands that i like . if you're looking for bbc , lebron x corks , yeezy 2s , or the latest limited edition nikes or jeremy scott x adidas this is where you go . i wouldn't even know where to get that stuff elsewhere in clt . house of hoops and dtlr don't get the limited edition stuff that social status gets . your next best bet is online probably . the store's layout and vibe is pretty cool and there's a great selection of apparel , shoes and hats . it's tough to say
i was really craving chinese food so we picked this up a couple nights ago . super fast and pretty good ! we got the plain lo mein , egg drop soup , egg fried rice , and
first off i would like to say that the service here is not bad . however , i did observe two employees standing off to the side chatting amongst each other incorporating a bit of profanity and not really working . i was recommended to go here with the expectation that this is the best steak house in vegas . i am sorry to say that
this is one of my favourite places for jerk chicken . it's close to my house so , it's super convenient for me . their sauce
came here at a thursday night and tried their regular menu without wagyu . the best thing and the only reason for me to have ayce is that you can enjoy a lot different dishes . beef is pretty good in quality
i was all set to have dinner at la bourlingueur when we walked past this place and saw the window seats lined with folks diving into their soup a l'oignon and charcuterie platters and knew that this was the place to check out . the restaurant is delightfully decorated and plays stereotypically french music i almost expect rene artois from allo allo to jump out at any moment to offer me some wine . the decorations were nicer than the food , although the charcuterie platter was quite good . a nice assortment of meats and the
all the reviews referring to the bad service here weren't kidding . the employees could careless about this place . when i asked for water , the asian girl with bleached blonde hair made an annoyed grunt and said ok . when ordering , the guy taking my order didnt know anything about their food items or drinks . hello , is your lemon green tea made with real lemon or lemon syrup ? shrugs i dont know , i think it's real . do you recommend your taro toast or the sesame toast ? i dont know , havent tried either . . hmmmm
servers are always kind and self aware with positive attitude still since its always busy . mom enjoys their choices
earlier in the week , my allergies was just a muck . the day before , i had ramen . on this particular day , i still needed noodle soup , but didn't want to make the trip down to my usual . thanks to yelp , i found noodle pot ii . so i made my way up on eastern and made the left into the plaza's driveway . big banner hanging in front of noodle pot ii , grand opening ! awesome ! because lunch hour is 11am , i'm always so happy to beat the lunch rush . besides another family just finishing up , i was the only other patron there . glancing over
omg this was one of the worst experiences i ever had in a restaurant , to start the lady at the front desk kept repeating her self that the restaurant was closing in 45 minutes , she turn around 2 mexican families away , and then at 746 a white family shows up and guess what ? they get an option of get there meals to go , unbelievable ! its all about them apparently . there is clear tables in the back
pros amazing food ! both quality and selection . i mean dynamite . i have yet to order something that i haven't liked . and i'm pretty sure they change out the menu weekly , keeping your options fresh . great for sharing . many of the dishes are meant for sharing . perfect for those who want to try a little bit of everything ! charcuterie is on point . the first page of the menu is dedicated to all your meat and cheese needs . each selection is 3 cheeses or 3 meats .
we stayed an extra night in lv and got some room credit so we decided to use this for the brad garret comedy club . and i am so glad we did ! we were seated right in the front of the club , smack dab in the middle . now , for those of you that have been to comedy shows , many comedians liked to pick on the individuals they see . brad was no different . he picked on everyone including my girlfriend and i and it was hilarious ! brad was actually on stage that night hosting the show and he was non stop fun . we also had two other comics perform and they both had their own distinct style and were funny themselves ! the drinks were
ridiculously slow service where we were honestly just going to leave . once it finally
i do have to say i love the decor of the restaurant and how trendy it was . since it was our first time going which we told the waiter the waiter didn't make any suggestions for the two of us . we both have never had tapas and we didn't even know how much
i like the booking service . appointments can be made on line 24 hrs with the manicurist that you prefer . i like that aey did not put a nail tip on my severely bitten thumb nails and encouraged me to grow them out . most salons would've instantly slapped tips on them or acrylics . she uses a primer called bond aid which i need . i am going back tomorrow . parking is
the food isn't bad , and the prices are okay . maybe the food is even better than not bad 3 1 2 stars , maybe ? everything looked and tasted fresh . the reason i'm not rating the place better is that it's built so that the sound just amplfies and echoes ,
ate there a few weeks back for the first time . my buddy had the hash , which was very greasy and over cooked . the waitress recommended breakfast nachos ? not that good . chips piled with eggs
close by and nice selection , especially for something new and exotic . not the best wine selection , but it's great for getting the hard stuff unless
i'm in vegas for business . found this place close by . first of all , wonderful customer service . i believe the owner is working the register . great guy , very friendly . menu is simple and on point . i ordered omelette with eggs , mushrooms and
literally love it here . the staff is amazing , very friendly and helpful . they're truly do an amazing job . have been taking my puppy here since we got him and wouldn't want to go anywhere else . we have
i came here to meet up with a good friend of mine last week and we had a great time . the cafe is really lovely and
how did not been for me being in las vegas and needed a place to stay i would not have stayed here . i think the best thing i liked about this
review based on our food from noodle and sushi place my husband was hungover , and i thought we gave this place a try because of all the good reviews . big mistake shouldn't made the decision when i'm hungry . the food is horrible . i ordered the hong kong wonton soup , california roll , tuna sashimi , and my husband order the miso ramen .
this buffet is pretty decent i mean prices are supper affordable and has plenty of options . it's got your basic prime rib carving station , soups and pizza , salad and asian and mexican foods . they have a crepe station which was good .
i was at galleria and wanted somthing on the way home . i pondered the usual suspects , chipotle , sweet tomatoes , five guys , cafe rio , etc . before i noticed that a new pizza place was open ! i have just recently discovered pieology , and i like the concept , so i thought i'd give pizza rev a try . the people were super friendly . they were smiling and laughing as i was making jokes about having no idea what i was doing . in the end , i got red sauce , mozzarella
i like the dark roast beans with the strong and pleasant aroma . the barista made me a great cappuccino with a perfect latte art , very delicate milk foam . i bought one pound beans and the price
good food , friendly service , comfy atmosphere , prices
great service ! done same day ! no shady shenanigans
i live nearby , always drive by but never stopped in . until today . boy oh boy am i mad at myself for wasting my time and money on other crappy places . i looooove it here ! finally someone who
my cousin has nut and cashew's alergy and even after informing them about the same atleast 5 times , they still made a mistake and added cashew in it . luckily nothing happened to him , but we literally had to run and gave him medicines before anyrging happen to him . owner even though understood our language , never came to our table once . 25 discount doesn't solve the problem . ideally , they should have made whole order free , but i am not going to argue for that .
came here on a lark b c of the good yelp reviews . this place did not
gotta say , this place was outstanding . the fried chicken was made to order . piping hot and pure . the two sides we chose were the mashed potatoes holy jesus the flavor ! and
today switched it up the cheat day wrap . scrambled whole eggs , bacon , cheese , avocado , tomato , rice and your choice of turkey or ham . $ 7 . best lemonade in town lg . $ 4 so
these guys are my heroes ! my family's move was very last minute because the movers my parents hired stood us up . i yelped in search for movers and came across red carpet . dialed and luiz took my call . he was so nice and understanding about my situation . i called him about 1pm and he dispatched a 2 man team who was finishing a job at the time . they arrived around 4pm to do the job . a great job might i add for a 2 story to another 2 story
i have been here twice now , once before the menu changed and once after . the first experience was great . the service was excellent , cocktails were tasty and food flavorful . we had the elote as an appetizer and i had the barbacoa tacos for the main dish . we did not have to wait long for our food . the atmosphere and decor make you feel like you are in california in my opinion . the second experience was similar . the menu changed for the better but did not completely change which i appreciated . you are able to mix and match the tacos which are a huge plus as i always have a hard time deciding . i switched up the app and got the nachos . i would highly suggest ordering these . they are
i took a day trip to vegas on a saturday in july and wound up at the golden nugget . not sure why , as i'm not much of a gambler . once i had flushed $ 60 down the drain in the slot machines , i decided to do something more productive . grab a cocktail ! i began searching for the right bar , passing a bourbon bar not my thing , a beer bar not in the mood , and then there it was , the ice bar . located just past the lobby and with a view of the pool waterslide area , it looked just right . i grabbed a bar stool and
the food was great ! a friend and i had the oxtail and chicken and a mac and cheese on the side !
the first time we went to hello123 we sat at the bar and had a fantastic experience . the food , of course , is great . i went again for my birthday and the place was busy and very understaffed . only one server for the whole restaurant on a sunday afternoon evening . because
today , january 10 , 2015 , i was not only trying to manage a water boiler furnace that did not enjoy the 20 degree temps from the night before , only to then find out that the temps had wiped out the original battery in my car as i tried to go to work i was not surprised , but when i called motorcars honda where i purchased the car used in 2013 to find out how long it would take that day to get a new battery , the rep could not say could be 1 hour , could be 4 so , based on the advice from the guy who jumped the battery
me and my boyfriend had the most amazing massage experience at nv spa ! they arranged us in a couple's private room , the bedding and decor were just like honeymoon style it feels very fresh and clean
i wanted to love tacos el asador . the grungy , hole in the wall vibe just screams 'gritty dope tacos' . well . they're gritty alright . which would be fine , if they didn't cost $ 3 . 55 a piece . i mean i love a questionable taco , when it's authentic , sold for $ 1 out of the back of a van , like the next girl but don't charge me what grand electric charges for pork belly and beef cheek . and it needs to be mentioned how much authenticity these tacos actually lack . the 'chorizo' was colored with what looked like pink
amazing thai ! don't miss this little hidden gem
food was better than expected . large pieces of fish on small amount of rice , that is good !
la paloma is so yummy . so many different flavours to choose from like 30 or more . my first experience was mouth watering . i had the lemon flavour
if you are looking for a pho restaurant i recommend going somewhere else , their pho is a little overpriced compared to others . i mean come on , 8 dollars for a combination entree ? theres more out there you can go to and would serve the same amount for 2
from the friendly greeting at the door to the great food , this will be on our list of favorite restaurants in vegas . the waiter was helpful and affable and the manager came over several times to check in with us . it was a busy night , so it's not that he had nothing better to do . everyone who works there seems to genuinely want you to have a great experience
had a very nice skirt steak salad on a cold , winter's night blue monday to be precise
i hadn't been to sprouts in several years . i went because my usual grocery store stopped selling fresh salmon . so i bought some from sprouts and a big assist to yelp here because i didn't even know that sprouts sold fresh fish . i also noticed that their selection was
i should've known something was up when i saw the health inspector from the county there ! it smells really funky in there and at first i thought it was my imagination but it smelled like backed up sewage . not going to lie , the food looks delicious , tasted good
glad to found mike very helpful , honest and trustworthy ! very
went in to the deer valley location with a party of six . there were 2 empty tables for eight . the waitress said nothing was reserved , but we would have to wait for a family of 6
went with the family and it was a good time with good food . i enjoyed trying something new to me . the tamarindo drink was amazing . we tried the yucca appetizer , the green corn tamale appetizer , the fried plantain with bean and sour
i admit the coffee here is stellar . however , the ambience is all wrong . its super dim and crowded ambiance rubbed me a little the wrong way . it's a good place to have a chat with a
i went here with my 2 girlfriends for dinner and drinks . after waiting 15 minutes to get service at our table we ordered food and 40 minutes later waitress comes to ask us what we would like to eat . we tell her we already ordered put food . she said oh yea let me check on it . we ordered a salad and nachos . the nachos looked like they had been
this place is unfortunately really mediocre if not outright bad . its a shame because the decor is nice but the service and
c crust is amazing ! perfect amount of crisp and fluffiness . i interesting location . it is in a house , on the corner , close to downtown b bruschetta ! grape tomatoes and basil , cannetini beans , prosciutto and
i am really picky about tinting and clear bra on my new vehicles . my first time here and very pleased . i loved the 10 year warranty almost as much as
went to best buy yesterday to buy the least expensive modem for my 88 year old mom . i decided to write a personal check in the amount of $ 59 . 53 . mind you i had enough money in my account to cover that amount . to my surprise i
this store change to the worse , two years ago they have better quality clothes and the price
fabian's removal is the best junk remover i've worked with . got me scheduled for a time i wanted , worked fast , no
great place for wings and burgers ! service was good . the place has a lot
their chai latte is amazing ! right when i took the first sip , i knew this drink would be
another hidden gem of pittsburgh , nestled in the deeper ends of squirrel hill . this is my 3rd time here , and the quality of food has yet to stray from delicious ! i'd recommend the house special pho or the bun bo
we didn't stay at the hotel . just a quick tour of the casino floor and up the tower . the casino floor was just too bleh for me . it didn't inspire or make you want to hang around . when we got closer to the top
great prices on used hotel furniture lightly used . i furnished my entire 1
went the other day with my son , and it was fantastic ! the fresh orange
really great selection , but just can't get past their non competitive pricing . they should just match lower prices on the internet , like places like target does . found a nice pickle ball paddle there
what an ordeal to try and get delivery . sure , it was the 26th of dec so i am sure the kitchen was slammed , but then frankly stop taking orders . we were told it was going to be 60 90mins when we ordered at 5 37 . 2 hours later when we called , we were told the driver had just left . another 30mins went by and we called again . this time we were told the driver hadn't actually left this was after being on hold for 10mins . 10 of
this place is amazing . dan dan noodles were spicy but flavorful ! the pork and chive steamed dumplings were also on point with a side of their chili oil
this is the only place where i get my eyebrows done , always get them threaded and tinted
i love raul ! he always does an amazing job and never fails to satisfy . a true perfectionist , and that is very necessary in my opinion for a hairstylist . it's always hard for me to get my hair as blonde as i like because i naturally have straight , dark asian hair . i've been to other hairstylist and they always embellish at
wife and i just had lunch here . amanda c was our waitress very upbeat and cheerful and she took great care of us . the food had a great presentation and was fresh
came here to grab a quick lunch . i live in the neighborhood so the location is very convenient for me and i wanted to like this place . when i came in at 12 30 , the prime lunch time , this place was empty . just us . i wondered why because this place has a very good reviews on yelp . when i was trying to order my food , it was very difficult to communicate with this waiter only one waiter working . i didn't understand what he was saying with his accent and he didn't understand what i was saying with my accent my accent is not that strong
great food , fast friendly service perfect for a quick lunch . the interior is much nicer than its strip mall exterior would have you expecting . never drank any of their
eh . nothing to write home about at this place . everything seemed to take a long time . not sure if it was the servers fault or the kitchen
food is not bad . however , they ripped us off . advertised on both their menu and website , the price is 5
i seldom ever leave reviews , but this company is amazing ! so here goes . i found them on groupon , and called the week before i needed to be moved , to which they said no problem ! and fit me into their schedule . great customer service . i was their second move of the day , they were a little later than i had hoped but still in the timeframe i was given when i called . this ended up being better actually because we were still packing . our 4 awesome movers were polite , respectful , equipped , professional , hard working , careful , and had fun personalities which creates a nice atmosphere on stressful move day ! . our new house has a narrow complicated driveway and they handled it as if it were
this restaurant is consistently one of our favorites and we always take company there when we have them in town . the menu is imaginative and fresh ! the staff
i have to say hands down best place for philly cheese steak in toronto . pretty close to an actual philly cheese steak from philadelphia . the service
went here with my love and it was great . the food was super good along with fast and friendly service . i will warn you though i'm a spice girl and i ordered level 8 and man ! it was still super tasty but
what can anyone see besides spectacular . i am one of those people that literally feels better and more energized by extremely good food . and this spot hit all my happy places at once . the cocktails were great , wine was great , the food and combinations are to
this is solely for the clerk named linda . she should be put in the back sorting mail and not out front helping customers because she is certainly lacking in customer service skills . she yells at , snaps at and disrespect customers . when one complains she goes in complete denial and victim blames . she one of those that feel she untouchable because she a government employee with seniority so she can treat someone
my son and i went to planet hyundai centenniel to buy a new elantra . before discussing the purchase with the salesman , mike landau , i explained to him my wish
i have been going here for 3yrs . i use to say 5 but it's actually 3 . anyways , i went cuz of financial peace university . and i said why not go to a service . i grew up in a more traditional setting and i didn't
love the food . shakes are awesome but why
very cool vibe . great , i mean really great beer selection and very friendly owner and bartenders who know their beer and enjoy
the salad that comes with the meal was nice . different kinds of lettuce , it was nice and fresh . i had the linguini with clam red sauce ,
had a great experience here . ed was very helpful
this was very disappointing . we got there before the spa closed which is 10 on . i had to tell her she we wanted an hour massage . she said no 45 min , ok . i go in the room she massages my shoulders and said that's all she's going to massage because that's what's tense . that was about 20 min i then asked to massage my feet . she said what . she heard me ,
another update . ge was out today . the only thing wrong was a piece of plastic caught in the drain . no part
gregorio is the homeboy that will make your wildest dreams come true . he does
what the heck ? ! i used to love this place . easy , fast , clean . not the last 3 times i've come . my car is always dirty at end of wash , i have to point out major errors in the wash . finger prints all over glass not a few dirt left on floor boards , rims
nasty place to eat , bad service , hair in my food , forgot appetizers ,
before you read anything go here . best pizza place in town because of the great staff especially the owner and the great food . this part of scottsdale really is low on good food . trust me , it's tough to find a non chain place worthy of your visit . desperately craving pizza , i decided to trek to ny pizza lovers to try their offerings . the owner is incredibly nice . he really wants you to feel at home , and it wasn't intimidating at all to ask him any questions or for a box or whatever . it was fun talking with him a little bit about his business . the garlic knots were really good , and the pizza was pretty darn close to new york pizza the best you can get in scottsdale , for sure .
i went on a thursday afternoon for lunch , and decided to sit outside and enjoy the sunshine . looking back on it , i regret doing so . there was a street musician playing very close to our table and made it impossible for us to converse . furthermore , the musician's large dog kept coming over to our table . being as large as he was , his head could come right up to our table . that's not the restaurant's fault , but just a heads up to anyone debating about sitting inside or not
it was ok but nothing special . i had the new york steak which had a lot of fat in it . my friend had the chicken and said it was really good . my water
good service . pretty good food . clean and small . it's hidden so it can easily be missed . small simple menu . i'm not huge into filipino food because its heavy and makes me
my 13 month old loves gymboree ! ms kelsey is sure to engage with all the children and the owners . christina and bobby are very genuine and
dr . kim was on time , easy to talk to and interested in my health and well being . very thorough check up and not rushed .
i had a pool fence installed in may . marty and dane were awesome . they explained everything , made sure i had all of my questions answered and left
turned away told my health card was only for prescriptions even though i had a photo of it with me not really sure what else to say other
great place for kids to make personalized gifts . affordable price point . friendly
best place ever ! lived in the area all my life randomly noticed it about a month ago decided to visit . was greeted at the door felt extremely welcomed by the friendly owner . i
very bad experience . my husband and i ate brunch at le peep in charlotte today , 12 13 10 . it was our first and last visit . online there was a nice menu and what looked like an upscale restaurant . i purchased a groupon certificate so that we at there even though the floors were dirty , many table cloths were ripped , and it was cold . the first thing to arrive was my cappuccino . i looked around for cinnamon , as there was none served with the drink or on the table , i had to walk up to the cashier to obtain some . eventually my husband's order arrived , minus the avocado that was a feature of the omelet . had he been notified upon ordering or shortly thereafter that there was no avocado available , he would
this place is amazing . we had halwa puri and channe and eggs and it was hella off the hook . my parents said it was
i love the concept and offerings of sprouts . food options and produce always seems so fresh . sandwiches at deli are a steal , and fresh boar's head products , and they pack a lot in there . natural bath and body products , prices are not too impressive they are average priced considering the quality and smaller lines but the selection is amazing and gives you plenty to choose from . have some of the best natural lines of lotions and washes . however this particular store needs to step up its game . i've stopped getting the natural nuts or grains b c i've seen bugs in those cases one too many times . i've also seen some flies hanging around the muffin cases too often also
the difference between a business and a good or great business is not only good service but how they perform when things go wrong . bad things can happen and sometimes they are not any body's fault . sometimes they are . good customer service means that you figure out how to make things right with your customer , when they do , regardless of the fault . and when it is your fault own it , don't blame someone else . las vegas mannequins lacks that skill set . we used las vegas mannequin several times over the course of several
still as good as i remember it . the parlor is truly one of the places i miss most about living in phoenix ! we would frequent this spot at least once a month and always took our friends family here when they visited from out of town . i often find myself wishing there was a location here in san diego . hint hint ! the food is exceptional . you can seriously taste the quality and freshness in the ingredients . you cannot go wrong with the funghi pizza if you love mushrooms and truffles . who doesn't
got the kale quinoa salad . dramatically under proportioned for a $ 10 salad . it was a good salad with dried blueberries and somewhat under ripened cherry tomatoes , but i feel like
for a buffet , this delighted . we didn't stand in line too long . we paid $ 41 pop . we tried our fill of apps , entrees , desserts , and etc . dessert first ! you'd think it'd be terrible , as it is at most buffets , but the carrot cake was surprisingly delicious and moist . the brownie was also surprisingly good . and the entrees . the meats . how can you go and not try them ?
please please bring back the wonderful vanilla ice cream you used to have for your out of this world hot fudge sundaes ! the ice cream you're
upbeat and trendy atmosphere ! it's classy during the day and great for bringing my family . at night it's like a club . the waffle fries and grilled vegetables are addicting . shrimp ceviche is refreshing and makes
i really like cafe 157 . although the menu is not very adventurous , the food that is served is always very good . the fried pickles . to . die . for . i usually have the salmon and the chef will always cook it medium rare for me . i love him for that ! i will say , the salmon entree used to come with a fried polenta cake but now it's served with just rice . yawn . being half italian and half sicilian , please understand i have to say i am half sicilian or my sicilian mother will flip her lid , i need the fried polenta cake put back on the menu . it was delish ! from the previous reviews , i know this place gets a bad wrap for slow service but i have never had a problem . of course when we dine there , we are usually not in a hurry anyway .
just got my air conditioner serviced here , had a 10 am appointment and was out the door by 10 45 am . it actually came to less than the price quoted . when does that happen . i usually work on my own cars but this is the 2nd time i
i never yelp and literally had to ! i'm in the industry and am completely embarrassed for the owner's of this establishment . a party of 7 and it took 30 min to get a drink ordered . we finally get our drinks and take it upon ourselves to start our dinner service . so sad for this restaurant because we had 3 newbies that did not experience what they should have . we helped ourselves to the salad bar and sat back down at the table . a server came over asked us if we ordered wine wine glasses on table and says to the server as he is bringing 20 min long bottle of wine
this location is ok . they don't exceed in customer service . there were 3 associates just chatting with each other and coming from a job that focuses on delighting our customers i guess i can
i came here the other day with a group a friends and we had an amazing time ! our waitress was amazing i forgot her name but she was awesome ! . she knew the menu and cocktails very well and had great recommendations . i have a gluten allergy and she helped me change minor things on food items so i would be able to eat them . it's great going somewhere and the staff is knowledgable about gluten , vegan , and other dietary needs ! the food came out at a good pace along with the drinks . the group of us decided to order for apps
i really enjoyed my stay at planet traveler . i liked the vibe and the location , but the best thing was the breakfast . i was in heaven with the range of cereal and bagels . the room i stayed in was all
great service an even better staff very knowledgeable . the setting was very nice along with the decor my food was good an wish i had
wow ! what an improvement ! my air conditioner broke when we have family coming in this weekend . when i called to book an appointment , they were already at capacity for the day . i explained the urgent nature and sure enough
i tried a few places before this , but wink quickly became my go to for a brazilian wax in charlotte . she always does such a great job very thorough ,
my husband and i recently worked with oscar at superior blinds and he went above and beyond to get our project completed within a very small window of time we were building a home from out of state and were
love the dim reddish lighting and soft african beats , makes a very warm and inviting atmosphere . definitely byob to pass the waiting time , we were . the first to arrive so it took about 45 minutes to get our food . we ordered 23 mixed veg combo and 14 ye beg tibbs cubes of lean lamb in a delicious perfectly spiced sauce . the injera was freshly made on the spot , soft
good ramen for 8 $ ! better broth and cheaper prices than umami . but
i had the pleasure of meeting catie the bartender a couple days ago ! great service and 2
right from the start the commitment to customer service is apparent . gayle was pleasant and professional in setting up the appointment and explaining the process and pricing to me . kevin and chuck came out to the house and kevin took the time to explain how the screens work and available options . pricing seems to be fair and reasonable to me , when compared to taking it to the hardware
the food was good , nothing too outstanding but it wasn't bad . we only had apps . we got calamari , fried pickles and nachos . also got a strawberry watermelon margarita which was way too sweet and syrupy . i
rick was nothing less than amazing best customer service follow through and price in town and went to every place from floor and decour to tropical flooring and by the quality of the product
great service from the minute you walk in the door . it is a family business . the food was good . my dad had the special which was ravioli , he said it was great , i had the
my sister and i love this place ! even though the location seems a little iffy the food and the service is
this place is amazing ! the staff are wonderful and very accommodating . i spent the afternoon in the infrared sauna and
we called yankee classic flooring to help us refinish our hardwood floors . we had a very badly damaged area in the hallway , and knew that might add to our overall expense and timeline . we were so happy with the job that they did . they had to replace a few boards in the hallway , but you would never know it matches the rest of the house perfectly . tracey is very knowledgeable and helpful about
yueh tung is an average chinese restaurant with a slight hakka flair . it's heavy on flavour , but mostly on salt and chili sauce that somehow isn't spicy . i tried the manchurian chicken and i liked how under the sauce , the chicken was nice and crispy , but i didn't think the sauce tasted particularly great . also had the chili beef
we showed up at with a party of 6 at 630 645 on a friday night . we were told 30 45 minute wait and 10 minutes
i'm only giving this place 4 stars because their burgers are expensive , but i guess that's what you pay for quality burgers .
every dish we had was great . a group of four of us shared the
walked in not sure what to expect . hubby likes jerk chicken , i've never had it . but with a groupon offer , i said , why the heck not ? we were pleasantly greeted and asked our drink orders . then food we had the
came here with my friend and we each had a child . my friend managed to get us a booth . there was a line from the register to the door . not bad for the second day . ordered two combination sandwiches and a vegetarian sandwich . also bought a hot fried pork roll , a pate chaud and 6 sesame red bean balls to go and got two of the free ice coffee drinks . it took them awhile to get our sandwiches ready expected that on the second day but once it was , i really enjoyed the combination . my one suggestion is
we came here for dessert after dinner , i ordered the mango mania signature drink and my partner ordered the m m , we also ordered the mango panna cotta , mango pudding and mango sticky rice . the drinks were ok , the signature drink was to full of everything but the juice and the mango sticky rice
seriously the best brunch place i have ever been to . too bad i am from the states so i won't be returning as often as i want to . came with a few friends and we ordered the memphis chipotle bbq pulled pork benedict , the charlotte smoked salmon benedict , plt sandwich rosemary focaccia , peameal bacon , lettuce , tomato , garlic aioli , and the heaven on earth french toast , berries
great food and my favorite part
this place is awesome . they have their own beers on tap , which we loved . we tried the lager and the red , and both were great . atmosphere is fun and
super clean fresh modern , great service and atmosphere ! come here before it gets too
was born and raised in ny amongst the delis , so believe me when i say this place is quality . yes , i've
adam 444 was very timely and helpful . took his time diagnosing my issue and even helped find other trouble that saved me $
adella is a horrible manager , iland should not be interacting with customers , or representing your brand . we were hosting a birthday party for a few kids , and we were called the day before to confirm that kids wear shoes with laces , and if anyone has long hair , tie it up , or braid it . nothing was mentioned about permission slips , even though we mentioned it was for a birthday party . when we got to the check in desk , she mention we would need those waivers , and at that point was tough , since only 2 parents drove , with multiple kids in each car . how were we supposed to get permission from every parent , in such a short amount of time ? it's bad enough we weren't told up front that we would need waivers , and that they
my husband and i love this restaurant . we go here once a week . we are originally from southern colorado and there is a restaurant in our home town
first time coming to umiya and went solely based off of yelp reviews . boy am i glad that i ate here ! service was quick and excellent ! the choices were endless and
love it here and hate to move out . lived here dor 2 years and no problems with the community great next
love this place ! great food and service ! i've been here twice this
great place when i went here it was great and i wish we come here
i had the chicken piccata and my husband had the veal piccata , both recommended by our server , tana . the food was amazing , our server was amazing and the ambience was amazing . there was a couple singing a blend of
we just moved into the neighborhood and craving some good mexican food . the green chili beef burro was awesome ! we can't wait to go back for
love napoli ! the wings , fries , philly steaks and pizza never disappoint ! it is our go to . especially our late night
this place is seriously the best ! while on vacation in vegas , i was in need of a cut and went to this place based on the reviews . while i did wait about 1 . 5 hours , it was relaxing and well worth it . i wanted something new and the barber recommended a cut , which i have consistently received compliments on . oh , and the pomade they used , suavecito is my new best
so happy we found this delightful little dim some spot . it's in the doubletree hotel upstairs a little small but that made it all the better . they had a special dim sum lunch by one get second 50 off so my friend and i took advantage of that
beautiful setting horrible food . ordered the chips and salsa the salsa had gone to vinegar disgusting . i have tried this place 6 times in
we arrived at about 5pm on a recent saturday . felt as if no a c was on , only one another party of four in the restaurant and they wanted to seat us next to the door so we could get blasted by the 112 degree temps each time the door opened . we requested to be seated elsewhere so they seated us right in
there is nothing here , not the food , not the service , not the ambiance , that's worth the inexplicable
we had been here on one previous occasion just for drinks which was late on a saturday night and we wanted to make sure we came back to try the food . we went last night friday night at 6 30 . i decided to make a reservation just in case it was busy . when i called to make the reservation it appeared that the girl that answered the phone might have been new as she had to ask if she could take a reservation . she seemed rushed and a little on the short side . when we arrived there were 3 girls at the hostess station and the place was pretty busy . we were seated right away at a table nearest the line of traffic from the kitchen and the bar . there are quite a few people working during this time so it was quite distracting to have constant foot traffic by bussers , wait staff , bar patrons and hostesses . we waited at least 10 minutes before we finally got a waitress . ordered a glass of wine and my
this place is fabulous . it's golf2k . imagine going to a lounge with music , great food , and alcohol and the plus is hitting golf balls as far as you can . the prices on drinks are kinda expensive but this is vegas . i had
first off a place that has homemade salsas that are fabulous ! tacos are great . but i think the green chili burger is one of the best in the
hello mike , i called guardsman to make an appointment and they told me they will call back with a technician . an individual contractor from furniture pro was send from walkers to fix our switch box for the sofa and
this is a great gelato shop . they have a chocolate orange , oreo , and chocolate coffee gelato that are all delicious . there are also about 20 other flavours i have not tried . there is limited seating inside , and the place is a
this is not a pizza joint . it's an indian restaurant that attempts to serve pizza
triple seven used to be a great microbrewery been going to triple 7 for the last 10 years it was one of my favorite bars in las vegas the high roller used to be an awesome beer now
wanted a nice night , it's a hit or miss place . we were so underwhelmed . messy
after two negative experiences , i wanted to give this location another chance , only to be severely disappointed once again . upon walking into the door , i am greeted if you can call it that with a , what's the last name . the girl behind the counter obviously could care less about customer service since she gave less than none . not even a hint of a smile . the girl looked as if she were going over everything else she would rather be doing in her head . i felt not only unwelcome , but disrespected as a paying customer . i came with a friend who had never done a spray tan before , and i let the girl explain to her how to do it . i myself have worked in a tanning salon for over 5 years , and every direction that the girl gave my friend was 100 wrong . to keep my friend from having her spray tan ruined , i explained the correct way for her to apply barrier cream , pose , etc . when it came my turn for the
skip emeril's there is much better food for less money it is not new orleans style the gumbo which is supposed to be table stakes for a place with new orleans in the name was overseasoned heavily with only 1 thing it was full of pepper . grossly so , did you spill it in there ? and then my second appetizer came out , the scallop lobster ravioli was waaaay too salty . i did not pour their black sauce over it either , but i tried a drop of it on a spoon first the waiter warned me that sauce was salty so i did not
one of my favorite places in town ! good for sushi lives and non sushi lovers alike . wonderful
on saturday night , my girlfriends and i decided that sushi was going to be the meal of choice before a night out on the town . we we're painfully aware of our sushi rut and were very excited to try something new especially a place that has food happy hour prices from 5 cl we're all struggling students just graduated and enjoy amazing food , we don't always have the pockets to fund our eating habits . we arrived around 9ish and we're graciously welcomed and seated in the lounge . i enjoyed to decor it was sleek , sexy and modern . i would not recommend saki bombing there , you have to buy the saki and beer separate .
it took 20 minutes to get our food and it wasn't even busy . avoid
discovered this neighbourhood gem tonight . food was great portions were very generous . service was friendly .
i've had consistently good experiences here for over a decade . all big box music stores are slow in regard to getting your transaction completed in a timely fashion . it seems like they use the same software as the airlines . you know , they type furiously for 5 minutes only to ring up a set of strings after calling over a coworker to check a code
we come here almost every time we make a trip to phoenix . it is the hands down freshest sushi in arizona ! we
have only come a few times as i just started working in the area , the pastries they serve are delicious .
haven't been here in at least 10 years things haven't changed much food is okay for a big change nothing special like the fact that they have different options for the sides instead of just rice
there's a darn good reason everyone that deals with this company rates them a 5 star or better , if yelp allowed it ! . it takes just one call and conversation with tracy or david to put you at ease to their competence and genuine caring for the customer . that's just the start . their follow through and follow up are as much as one wants in dealing with any business or service . i first used them to treat for termites in december and they were very thorough and even though they were just slightly higher than my lowest bid i didn't hesitate in using them because of how tracy handled all my questions and concerns . they were 1st rate all around ! recently , i was selling my home
my no chip manicure started chipping literally the next day and i was only in town
worst jack in the box ever ! so much for being 24 7 . there was 1 car at the window and about 2 in front of me
handling burgers like a boss . you know you'll get through a drive thru lane that's wrapped around a building when they have a team of folks taking your order outside . this is a usual sighting at most in n outs . robots i tell you . robots ! decided to drive through and we were in an out pun intended in less than five minutes . we had about ten cars ahead of us so i found this
went in for the $ 34 new patient special . been going to the dentist every 6 months my whole life . never had any issues . after the dental exam they said it would be $ 350 for a deep clean . i walked out and booked an appointment at a different dentistry . had my teeth perfectly cleaned for under
we were so excited to try mercadito . the menu sounded great and it's hard to find good fresh mexican food . we walked in and asked for a sugar free tea . the have no sugar free drinks except diet pepsi . the waitress suggested water . next we ordered the shrimp ceviche . when it arrived we asked for pepper . we were told they don't have salt
it was a great experience , the food and service was amazing
good thing i only paid 8 bucks for this buffet . for the same price you should go to the santa fe station buffet . way better ! the mexican fare is better here though still a smaller selection than santa fe . asian is
worst nail salon in the whole universe . this place is dirty , and
i absolutely love stancatos ! the staff is so friendly and accommodating . the food is just to die for . i order here often from the pronto menu attend many of their special buffets for the holidays . i'm always satisfied and i can't get enough ! i wish i could pick a favorite . from the mussels to the meatballs , to
rob is hands down the best carpet cleaning service i have ever dealt with . i have gotten my carpets cleaned at least five times over the last 7 years . the price actually came out cheaper then he quoted me which was already reasonable . he was at my house for
amy is the best ! customer service beyond expectations !
this is not a family medical facility . more like an urgent care facility at best . appointments are always late , you can only discuss one issue per visit and only allowed 10
i used ameriserv for two project one for client and another for a personal service . the client service was perfect and had no issue . the personal a technician showed up and there was a miscommunication on who would be installing the outlet for the door opener . i would have scheduled that through an electrician had i known they
the service was great , they were very helpful with my large order for a production shoot . food
last weekend we were in vegas celebrating my twin cousins birthdays and decided to go off the stip for some tacos at yayo tacos that we saw on diners drive ins and dives . we got there super early to avoid a crowd and were the first people seated . after reviewing the menu we decided to all get the taco special which included four tacos
i ordered the white , a canolli , and the bruschetta bread . the pizza was awesome , flavors were great , just be prepared with mints because there
i have taken several classes at rio and i believe your experience is what you make of it . i have found the instructors to be professional and very interactive . after a long day of work it is nice to be able to go home , wind down , and put on comfy clothes to study at
overpriced shawarma plate and doesn't even taste good . it came out with just chicken and rice ? where's all the normal veggies ,
everything was prepared perfectly . everything was delicious . service was flawless . a rare 10 10 at the high end . only problem could be that they don't change the fundamentals of their menu often enough
ugh . nothing about our experience two weeks ago was good .
we went here tonight and loved it . we shared the platter 2 people . 3 ribs , brisket , 4 chicken wings , mac 5 cheese and fries . you can pick from a list of options for the platter . i expected more food especially the ribs but it was filling . the mac 5 cheese was served piping hot , which i love . i hate getting cold food . there are sauces
i had my wedding reception at pine ridge on july 1 , 2011 . i was beyond pleased with their services ! the food and service was outstanding
best greek place around durham , even better than most places in toronto . tzatziki is homemade and i
love this meal service . i've tried several in the past and this really suits my needs . can't believe these can taste so good from the microwave . delivers with taste , nutrition as well as portion control . and you seriously can not beat the convenience . yah , i've read reviews complaining about the price tag but 12 meals with free shipping that you don't have to cook or mess with for $ 107 ? come on guys , you pay for the luxury of not having to order food or meal prep
the food was okay . the metal shard that i found in my takeout noodles ruined any good
i have been going to this place for over 2 years . about 2 years ago they started this plan to charge people $ 25 if u were a no show , but not as long as u called before ur appointment . that i can understand , to just not show up without a call from anyone is disrespectful . however when u call cause u have a medical emergency or a car accident , or a car emergency now they want to charge u $ 50 regardless , if u have proof or not . i hate this clinic on horizon ridge ! i liked the
its no secret that the mall has been renovated and is aesthetically pleasing ! service is usually great when i do go to any of the stores . im a repeat customer at stores like gnc guess bombay kamdorbo walmart cinnabon footlocker best buy hair kraze one major problem is the lack of stylish and trendy stores for my taste . i don't mean expensive either . i mean the stores at this mall are some what generic and are at all the other shopping malls
i love the french vanilla and this crew is really
this is the first time we have visited this establishment . we will for sure never be back . when we pulled into the drive through the girl that greeted us was friendly and helpful . we pulled forward and the guy that sprays off your car was too busy horse playing with the one of the oil change guys . every car wash removes our antennas as a professional courtesy . if the guy was not playing perhaps this would have happened . their equipment broke our antenna clean off our van . the manager came over to look at our car and he did not even acknowledge
best place to get a cut . there attention to detail is out of this world . loved everything about this shop . the
i bought a groupon for this restaurant and saved it for a special meal . decided to use it this evening to treat my son at the end of his christmas break . was close to home and i was hoping for some delicious seafood . my family loves seafood and we eat a lot of it . the place is a hole in the wall but we were warmly greeted and well taken care of . the guy's wanted calamari which i didn't want to order mostly because it was $ 11 . 99 but i caved unfortunately . it was a small amount of overly breaded fried scraps . the taste wasn't too bad for crunchy scraps . the owner made the mistake of asking us how it was . silence fell over the table me averting my eyes for a full minute then my husband just let it rip . honestly this is the worst calamari i ever ate . he tried to make it up by bringing us a small order of fried oysters . the flavor was okay but it was another basket of overly fried seafood . i wanted to suggest
i have to say , i'm quite disappointed by my experience with this location . i frequent aloha kitchen on charleston and lamb with my family and i absolutely love their service , the food is fabulous and the mood is light ! today , i tried this location to order my regular chicken teriyaki bowl
best thai restaurant i've ever been to ! better than anything i've ever had all over the west coast . that's seriously saying a lot given i'm from ca . great flavors , perfect spice level i usually get 8 10 10 most restaurant but my friend wanted only 5 10 .
i was really excited to try this place , but was slightly disappointed by my meal of perch tacos . they were dry , lacked sauce , and were served on cold tortillas . i would give the tacos 2 stars , but i also realize that i went to a fish and chips place and got tacos , so i'll also take into consideration that i should have tried the fish and chips instead . my boyfriend thought his thai chili chicken tacos were four star worthy . the only thing here that i would really recommend was the mac n cheese .
max is the local maximum at this hyatt's restaurant bar in phoenix . by definition , he presents the value of a function at a certain place or domain which is greater than or equal
oh you fancy huh ! oh you fancy huh !
this is my first review , and usually i just read them , but i just have to review this business ! i researched this on yelp , cuz i have never let anyone touch my brows ! so , after reading many reviews and narrowing it down , i decided to be brave and try it . i am so glad i did ! i cannot stop looking at my new brows ! they are fabulous and i got the threading and tinting done , and she threaded my stache i am thrilled with the work and staff there . very
location offered me compensation for the negative service . location was extremely depleted of rental cars during hurricane aftermath .
hexx is one of the few 24 hour dining establishments within the paris hotel . previously i never dined with them but i was a bit hungry upon my return from a show i ordered around 12am so i decided to give it a try . i was dining solo and was directed to sit at the bar . once i placed my order it took a while for the food to get out so i changed my order for takeout . service was somewhat efficient however not very warm or inviting . the lady ringing me up said she was unable to charge my room as there were too many people with my name and that i did not come up under my room number . although it was
terrible service . after they were 40 minutes late for my appointment , they
i used to work with mr shea . i decided to go to his barber shop after cutting my own hair for the past 20 years or so . i wanted a new bald
i decided to order my burger to go because i wanted to try it but didn't want to sit down at the place by myself . i just had the normal bachi burger which is okay , but i feel that it's not worth the price . i do want to try a different kind of burger if i ever visit this place again though . i also
the gym is first class and ran very well by knowledgeable and friendly coaches . i felt immediately
i'm not usually in university area these days so on a recent return i was surprised to find that sushi 101 is now a cheesily named love sushi . whatevs , let's check it out . quality has come down from what bit sushi 101 had back in the day . there's definitely a lot of selection , though some parts of the menu can be confusing . the raw fish isn't top quality stuff and i've had better for similar prices . i didn't find their menu to be particularly cheap either , unlike some other reviews . as i said though , lots of selection . they seem to know their stuff when it
if you're into flavor with a slight asian twist then this place is a must ! , their oxtail chili cheese fries are a delicious mixture of sweet and chili
this is my favorite place in town , the food is great specially the steak and chicken madeira is so great , it is
we had an emergency and chris came out and did a great job . robins
when our air conditioner stopped working in the middle of an az heat wave 113 degrees , we retreated to his hotel , since it was close to our tempe home . the morning after our first night there , my husband's car battery was dead . i want to give high praise to the night clerk , frank , who came to my husband's aid . he took all the time needed to get the car in position to use jumper cables , and stayed with the task until he was sure the car was running . he provided service with a capital s . and we want to publicly thank him for
i called gino in a pinch needing a last minute handyman to help hang lighting . he was very professional and on time . something that is hard to find
great for a quick chinese food stop ! prices are more than reasonable for the value and quantity ! really enjoyed my baked bolognese and cheese for $ 8
a beautiful new space , with tons of light . eclectic selection of books too . friendly staff . the only downside was as i was
omg car wash got to get it done what a necessity to be driving in a nice clean car , sparkling like a star in the sky at night ! we all hate the dreaded thought about taking our car to the car wash , but we love it when its done ! well , the car wash at chevron get n go , is actually easy , convenient , don't even have to get out of the car , and makes you happy when its done . been there a few times ! its not like most car washes , where you just drive through , it is actually manned with 2 3 guys that at the beginning clean your car off with soft brushes before it even starts the drive through with some more delicate brushes as they whisper in the wind kinda like 50 hands washing your car at
have eaten here several times and the food is always great . get the
great food . great music . great service . loved the fish n' chips plenty for 2 . wing appetizer good and so was shepherd's pie . the band had my feet
what a perfect spot to sit comfotably , eat amazing nachos , and talk with our wonderful waiter rodney . im hoping that was his name ,
writing this review based on a sandwich ! i haven't even tried the pizza yet . this place is located down the street from my work so i went to check it out . i walked in thinking i was going to get the pizza , but when i looked up at the menu , i saw a sandwich called the darrin . i don't remember everything on it , but it had applewood smoked chicken , pears , carrots , and some exotic cheeses all on a pizza crust foccacia style bread . i thought it read delicious so i ordered it . went over and sat by the window in the sun . noticed a tv with remote to my left . also , there were toys for kids . let me tell you this sandwich is amazing . probably the most
dr . sharma is the best doctor i have ever seen . i found him several years ago on yelp , and it's past time for me to review his office . health issues are emotionally draining , but having such a good primary care doctor makes it easier . dr . sharma is incredibly compassionate and has always taken time to listen to my concerns . i have never had another medical professional as invested in my overall health . he
after drinking all day and hanging out in caesar's , we needed something to eat that we didn't have to wait long ! our friends had stopped by earlier in the day and had the chili and said it was awesome , so we stopped in ! i ordered the burger in a bowl with a turkey burger instead of beef ! my food was good ! i devoured it ! no complaints about the food ! but
awesome food . kids eat free tuesday's and they get a balloon artist to
celebrated my birthday here . everything was just ok . waitress was flat and abrupt , just on the border of being rude . she asked to take my plate when i was still eating from it and had a good amount of food left . she reached across us instead saying excuse me or handing things . food was marginal . the best part was the roll and salad . the steak was tough , dry , and lacked flavor aside from char . the mashed potatoes had a weird pepper masked something flavor . the sweet
portion size is pretty big ! i can only eat half of the breakfast burrito i order ,
check your food people are human this place is no exception but seems to happen more often here 10 pcs nugget only get 8 if you get the buttermilk strips 10 pcs yum but hell only 9 in the box and only 6 edible due over cooking it to a hard flat jaw breaker . also if you want a custom order like no sliver onions on
been going here for years and the corned
bacon jam ! whaaaat ? ! i had the not yo mama's grilled cheese , brisket and bacon jam ! far out ! my grandson had the classic burger smothered with mac
is duckee the world's worst restaurant ? no . should you eat there ? definitely not . overpriced mediocre food . phayao
i'm a nerd so i decided to check this place out . there for is part goth , part board game , neon lights . velvet drapery kinda thing . it is kitschy and worth 1 visit but the food itself is very mediocre . i tried to order the optimus prime rib dinner for $ 28 and was told no prime rib . i switched to striploin steak instead . wanted butter with my baked potatoes and it came
good drinks and good brunch food . i've been here twice for the weekend recovery and once for late night drinks . it's always good service , good people , good food however , my only qualm is that it's so small ! this means that the wait is always long and the bar area is usually packed .
although the staff is pleasant the food was not . the hamburger patty was so burnt and so thin i could nearly see through it . management definitely needs to check into who is cooking the food . plus our order was wrong . i had to return the horrible patty . i felt bad because it was my
this is the better of the two banh mi boys . less busy , a bit more space or so it seems the former may feed into the latter , or vice versa . the staff is friendly and know how to put together a banh mi sandwich or bao . i am partial to the fried chicken bao , which has all the
came for my 23rd birthday , i love this place . i would recommend the compass to everyone . it is fine dinning so obviously prices are going to be
i bought a chemical peel on groupon 3 for $ 99 . the last plastic surgeons office i had worked for was $ 99 each . so i thought i would give it a shot . the place looks very small but it winds around and around much larger than you would think . very clean as well . i had nicole do my chemical peel she was friendly and not pushing
the food here is sooooooooooooo amazing ! my favorite is
we love this place and kwan is the best . the food is amazing and kwan
my beloved husband was starting to look like gandalf in lord of the rings . we had a lot going on for quite a few months and a trip to the barber was just not high on the priority list . as we shopped at the trader joe's in this shopping center , my husband mentioned that since we didn't have any perishables this trip , maybe we could stop in at the barber shop at the end of the shopping center . i am glad we did . there was only one barber , but he took the time and care to cut my husband's hair exactly
we needed a new two car garage door . we received a couple of quotes and then happened upon advanced garage door . joel came out the same day i called him and they installed the
i would leave zero stars if i could . i drove all the way down here on a thursday afternoon to have happy hour with my boyfriend . they turned us away cause my boyfriend had a tank top on . really ! ? it's las vegas and it's over 100 degrees
dined at this restaurant one night this week with the crew . exotic ambience , cool asian decors , friendly staff , nice lighting mix , excellent food and drink
i had called and hour prior to coming over here and they said that they would go ahead and put my car right up to go ahead to check my brakes . when i got here i was told there would be an hour and a half wait . then when i went to go check in with daniel . he tried to tell me i talk to him at 10 o'clock this morning . my call log which i brought up show that it was 12 34 pm . i just walked out of the building it is now 1 28 pm . needless to say because of the cocky behavior from daniel i will now be going to good here which is right down the street from my
i was referred here by the owner of my suit shop , and i had some very last minute alterations to get done .
i've gone here a few times and need to give credit to the consistently friendly and mostly attentive service i've gotten . decent beer selection great appetizers and flatbreads . warning though to vegetarians i asked about chicken stock in the beer
expensive ! i ordered 1lb of wings , garlic bread and cheese , and a diet coke . $ 30
this is a cool bar . casual and friendly , it is an all people place . spenser rocks , so hopefully you are there when she is working . i accidentally deleted the photos of my food but that philly cheese steak was killer . i got it with add on mushrooms and peppers but the add on ,
amazing food ! handmade , delicious dumplings ! flavorful moist chicken ! and more ! can't wait to eat there again . by far , the
yummy ! can't wait for the new one to open in willoughby .
this was my 2nd time here in 8 years . doug , the cook , the host and server was awesome ! he has that kind of easy going personality , makes you feel like you've known him forever ! i ordered a the pastrami on rye , it was the best ! he hand carves it himself , thick slices
i took the advanced point and shoot 101 lol , i'm such an amateur because i am learning to use most functions in my amazing panasonic zs20 seriously , great camera ! through trial and error . i know i can benefit from courses to learn fundamental photography skills , theory and technique . this class is basic . i learned to format a memory card and why it's important . i already do that . i also learned the differences between portrait , sports and landscape scenic modes . yawn . but then , it picked up when we started to learn how to shoot in the program mode . i learned more about focus and control focus , iso function and white balance function . granted , i've been learning through trial and
okay kids . i have had so many overwhelmingly positive experiences with the fillmore and its staff , i just can't stand it . i simply must write a review . a word yes , the alcohol prices are astronomical . one word pregame . vbgb is there for a reason . so get your craft beer and suck it up . the fillmore has too much other good stuff to offer for that to be a detractor . staff stellar . i mean , really . these guys and ladies are top notch and are just as kind and helpful as you could dream . i recently spent the better part of 3 days there , and i was treated as one of the family . the bathrooms are clean , and i love the black . facilities . don't know why , but i do . the smoking patio although i don't smoke is the uptown amphitheatre stage . so while you smoke ,
i like to come in here and write songs while i eat . i like how
lived here for a year and cant wait to move ! the grounds need new grass and rocks . there's always trash surrounding every dumpster . gym is trashed and unusable . pools are pretty dirty and one pool is never even open . cars have been vandalized . thin walls ! cops are here weekly . gates
2 . 5 stars . i wanted to love this place . dim sum and noodles are two of my favorite things . unfprtunately they put us at the counter which has no room for dim sum . they eventually moved us but they seemed to think we were unreasonable . the dim sum itself was good . not as good as lucky dragon was and double the price with less of a variety . the vegetable dumplings
my friend amy has the best boutique in vegas for anyone who has ever dreamed of being a beautiful woman , this is the place for you ! whether you're a crossdresser in secret , a fabulous drag queen out every night , or a female looking to spice things up a bit , glamour boutique is the place . they have 3 main rooms , as well as the front area for shopping . so many wigs and shoes . they have a fabulous selection in even larger sizes and wider sizes . they will help you find what you are looking for , or they will order it for you if they
since living in huntington beach , i will forever be addicted to wahoos . joseph makes my dreams come true . see him at the bar . what a pleasure , a professional to customer service , and a class act . being from
i had a craving for a blt the other day , so i wanted to check out great canadian bagel since it always looks busy in there . it was quiet when i came in . they have the selection of bagels behind glass . there were about 12 choices . i decided on maple , since i thought it would be good with the bacon . the guy took my order and asked if i wanted it toasted , which is a given if you ask me . the menu is very reasonably priced , plain bagels go for $ 1 , half a dozen $ 5 . the additions like cream cheese and butter are only a few cents . they have all day breakfast sandwiches , most going for
used them for a large concrete curb in my back yard . they arrived early , did an awesome job , and finished in under an hour . my friend , who also happens
great food big portions . sometimes spotty service late at night . burgers are
we tried to give it a chance , but every step of the way was painful . were seated and wait people avoided eye contact for 20 minutes 'til we finally flagged one down . our server showed up and said it was confusing that night . ok , fine . we ordered drinks , and then she came back 15 minutes later with no drinks and asked if we knew what we wanted , and we ordered .
summer is one of the most amazing people i have ever met . the reading she gave me provided so much clarity on my life situations and she really tuned into the areas that needed the most attention without me telling her a thing . she holds nothing back and is very up front with what she sees . i could not believe how accurate she was with
we went here for the first time today . the food is just mediocre bar food . we put lost $ 45
this is one of my favorite local places to go and eat lunch with my friends and family . food has always been really good . the service is the only reason i am giving it 4 stars . the service has always been either really good or well , not so good sometimes . the free yelp offer was
yes yes and yes . my husband and i ate here as a last hurrah dinner for our incredible vacation . we came on a sunday evening and were able to get in for a 6 00 reservation outside . like other yelpers suggested , the specialty pastas and where it's at don't even bother looking at the regular menu . our server was incredibly knowledgeable . we asked her suggestion for a full bodied red wine that wasn't too dry . she had one in mind she said wouldn't break the bank turned out to be $ 17 glass one of the lowest on the price scale and to our surprise , she delivered perfectly and we both really enjoyed it . my
i had a great experience here ! everyone was very friendly , especially cameron . he was super funny and sweet
love this store ! highly recommend ! they have very slim furniture which is perfect for many styles of living in particular condo loft living . we have numerous 7 pieces from them and frankly i wish we had found them sooner as a few of our pieces from other stores are simply bulky . beautiful pieces ,
this is the best spot in town destiny did my hair and we did a complete color change she is amazing you have to go to her as for my manicure and pedicure i've never gotten a
i received the mattress and box spring . the mattress seems fine and pretty comfortable . i unfolded the box spring and it didn't unfold completely flat , no matter how hard i tried . so i finally called up customer service and the rep told me it should definitely unfold completely flat , which makes sense . i sent him pictures , showing that it did not . so to his credit , he sent me another within one week . when i received the replacement , i had the same issue . i took very careful pictures and sent to them again , showing that it did not unfold completely . the same rep said it should completely unfold again . then he said he would have his manager call me the next day . the manager did not call . i called back and they debated a bit , then the rep said his manager said that it would lay flat once the mattress was on it . i tried to tell him that it still rocks a bit even with the mattress on it , and that they might have a manufacturing issue , but it was as
100 reiki master i am going to scream from the rooftops he's amazing because not only did he heal and take all the negativity away but also .
this establishment has ridiculous prices . they wanted $ 55 just to press a queen size duvet cover and $ 20 apiece to do standard shams . this cover and shams are
it was only right that i invited an old friend from yellowknife to bob the fish tavern on 4th because the tavern itself reminded us both of popular bars up north especially the drinking hole the taku in whitehorse . i was in the mood for a brew and comfort food , and bob's did meet the requirements needed to fill up these two northern canadian gals . sheila our waitress was accordingly donning her flames jersey and we found out that she too lived in inuvik for awhile and was from northern saskatchewan , my side of the planet so it made for an even happier meal i
it had been over a year since i had my carpets cleaned . with two big dogs , two teenagers and two adults , the carpets get lots of use and abuse . they were filthy . rob came out today and did the cleaning and my
another great experience with alan's air . alan is extremely fair and
located in the former mystic lodge aka my casino site the boulder lounge is another dotty's creation . i was there yesterday
i find it incredibly hard to believe that this place has such glowing reviews . i'll give them credit . the customer service is awesome and they're super friendly . unfortunately , after several separate visits with two different cars i can say i'm more than happy to be taking my business elsewhere . i took my old car in for a new air conditioning compressor and ended up with loud rattling and vibration they just can't find . it was clearly messed up . boyfriend went in with his car numerous times for the axle seal on his car . the first time he brought it in the issue was identified , he was told that the parts would need to be ordered and was sent on his way with the car . one week passed and he
free wifi although you have to log in , once it is connected , my pages wouldn't load , so i end up using
used them twice , both were overall pleasant experiences . they are not the most
i've been donating at this location since 2009 . the staff is always extremely friendly and welcoming . i love to help out others that are need , and this is a great way to
this place needs to be investigated by local authorities ! the workers here are definitely pocketing the extra money they charge customers for the bill . the menu board has 1 price then when u get to the pick up window the bill is
this place is ok . the portions are a little small and the cocktails are not as great as they sound . a good
very reasonable food for a quick meal during a crowded conference and
checked out this place late saturday afternoon it was busy but they accommodated my walk in appointment for a manicure and brow wax . after reviewing the options , i opted for the spa manicure which was $ 10 more than the regular manicure because my hands were quite dry . brow wax was done well she spent quite a bit of time waxing , plucking and then trimming my brows . the wax was a bit hot she kept blowing on it after she put it on but overall , i'm quite pleased . manicure was good the spa manicure essentially meant more cream put on my hands , a longer massage on my lower arms 2 3 min and then she wrapped my cream laden hands in plastic wrap for a few minutes . compared to the woman next to me who had a regular manicure , my spa upgrade for $ 10 was not worth it .
this movie cinema is awesome ! great atmosphere ! not only they have the most comfortable seats but the food is great too . you can order right in the movie theater in one of the restaurants or inside of the auditorium . you can buy
this was my first time at fancy pets . i brought my pup frankie in for a full grooming service . though , it took longer than what i expected , this was the best grooming service frankie has ever had . my biggest concern was the shape of frankies face and the length of her hair . the groomers at fancy pets did exactly what i wanted . frankies face was the perfect shape and her hair was
had a frustrating experience at this office . i let office personnel know and was told that i'd receive a call back . i ended up just paying a bill for services that i did not
i ordered ravioli and it was great ! small portion but more then filling , i also ordered the nana meatballs but they forgot to put
ordered the family meal to go and it was great ! had the chicken and tri tip with mac and cheese and fried okra . chicken was excellent and tri tip even better . i guess i'm not
rainbow donuts makes the best donuts period . this staff
nice atmosphere , friendly waitstaff and well priced wines . they carry high west which is
had a little trouble with the initial deal but the gm personally met with
one of my front teeth cracked while eating lunch at work today and i needed it fixed asap . my regular dentist in bloor west was booked so i decided to check out liberty village dental and am so happy that i did ! i was able to get an
this place is amazing ! i have been going to the cheffinis hot dog stand on fremont street before this official spot opened . i just came for the
best mexican food around . you can always tell good mexican food
i should start by saying i like greasy spoon dive breakfast joints . with that said , this is a great place to grab bacon and
not sure why market is in the name nothing to buy on the shelves . but service was great and food was solid . i think they need to market to surrounding
i read all the negative reviews and thought i'd take a pass on this place , but then wound up meeting friends there anyway . only a few tables were occupied so
i may have to come back a few more times to see why everyone is going bananas for the place . our food was awesome but the service was reallllly slow . the young lady taking the orders was extremely polite and friendly but it felt like it took forever to first get up to the window and then to receive our food . i ordered the big jim which was a biscuit sandwich that was huge with a friend chicken inside covered in gravy , cheese and bacon . i threw on some
i love harolds , but the service is probably the worst service i've ever had . every single time i've gone , the service is freaking terrible
looking for something different went down the strip to find something new and happened upon this place . figured i would give it a shot and try it . they got me in very quickly party of 1 so not much wait and was seated . started with a nice glass of red wine and they brought out warm bread and a carrot salad . normally i'm not find of carrots but this changed my mind , it was great
came here with my girlfriend for a fun , casual lunch . located in kierland commons shopping district next to north banana republic . small , contemporary dining room with casual cool ambiance . seated and greated promptly and politely . the server addressed my food allergies with sincere concern . ordered the hummus to start which came with thick , warm freshly cooked pita bread triangles . the hummus was delicious ! a twist on the usual with lime juice , creamy feta , red onion and grape tomatoes . a must have ! we both ordered the green goddess salad
i have had to wait over an hour on several occasions . i've been struggling with uti's or 4 months and now have a bacterial infection . my labs have not come back and they have no idea when they will . i was told , if you are in that much pain , then go to the urgent care . . well we all know urgent care isn't going to be able to do anything more if the dipstick test wasn't adequate and it had to go out for culture . urgent care is not magic . it's just another $ 250 to
not terrible but not any means special either . the greeter was about the only sincere person in the joint who seemed interested in making sure we learned the lay of the land and how the process unfolds . beyond that , associates were happy to treat folks like they were quickly just herding cattle . a 'manager type' doing some office work on a table nearby was on her cell phone and occasionally looked up over her glasses at guests , but absolutely no life otherwise from her . an associate stocking drinks lids made folks hang around while he finished stocking vs . letting folks get their lids and be on their way . it was black friday lunch time and i was looking forward to a chicken
i have eaten here in the past but stopped by again so i could critically evaluate the food for a yelp review . i arrived 2 pm and was promptly seated . there was a moderate amount of ambient noise with the music , but i liked the fun atmosphere of the place . i ordered the yamato and sao paulo rolls since they looked like the most interesting rolls on the menu . the food arrived rather quickly . the yamato roll really looked spectacular with the gold leaf , but there were
i've stayed here twice once in 2010 and once in 2008 . i hate it , but location wise this hotel is amazing ! it's in the middle of the strip so it's minutes away from the venetian and less than 5 minutes away from the forums and fashion island shopping . ventilation in the older hotels are shitty since you can smell all the cigarette smoke , and that's defiantly the case here . i do however like the performance they have in the middle of the
thought i'd give it another shot . my second time eating here and it disappointed me again . the food is not very good , in my opinion . i got the huevos rancheros and it was very watery . my dad ordered the carnitas tacos and they were chunks of meat rather than shredded . my dads cup of water and coke were both dirty . we
first stop when we got to vegas and it did not disappoint ! i got the steak salad
we ate here last night for our anniversary . we both barely made it home and were immediately sick . the restaurant was very busy and dining experience felt very rushed . was not like our other visits , which were very
van was ready for us when we got there and check in was quick . they had the best price of many enterprise rental places in the area we checked . only complaint we have is with the enterprise rewards program . couldnt use our points
ive been coming here every now and then for the past year and theyve improved a lot . their sushi used to be sloppy and not made with care but i came here recently and its better , their chicken bento box is great too with noodles . sometimes they run out of ingredients for the rainbow roll which is my favorite roll and it tastes plain
i went here today and the place formerly known as wadaa street tacos has changed its name , so i'm just going to repost my review from the other name . i'm a fan of authentic street tacos and this is a great place to get them . they grill the meat right in front of you , so the whole place smells great when you walk up . the tacos are tasty and i can easily eat 4 or 5 for lunch . it's truly just a hole in the wall , and there is no place
in las vegas and tried gordon ramsey's but the best burger we had was here . however , being from california my favorite burger joint is still in n out burgers , a double double ,
had the beef liver with rice and caramelized onions . medium rare was done nicely
i loved this place i wish i was in town longer so i could try more of the menu items . i had the beet salad and avocado bruschetta . both dishes were fresh and enjoyable
this was our third or fourth time coming to the babystacks chain and our second time at this venue . what can i say ? just that this has become a regular stop on our travels to las vegas . especially for my kids . we were all the way over in mandalay bay and my kids wanted nothing but babystacks for breakfast . our orders consisted of s'mores pancakes , cinnabon pancakes , rocky road pancakes , and cookies and cream pancakes . throw in some seasoned potatoes and one slide order of eggs and all four of us were taken care of . not to mention , my mother in
been banking with chase bank for like forever . enjoyed their fast service and friendly staffs . great location
agreed . their cheesecake tastes like discount store bought cheesecake . i mean , i could by a bailey's
such a beautiful space for all your aerialist dreams ! great vibe and the owners were
honest , knowledgable , reasonable and thorough . they'll educate you , visually and verbally , with what was going on and also warn you about botch jobs on your car in my case my oil filter . my
hilariously overpriced and absolutely terrible . there are so many other incredible restaurants to dine at in
disappointing . glasses arrived 3 weeks late was not satisfied with them but sales staff was not willing to exchange glasses . they wanted me to buy another frame to put the lenses in . expensive and sales staff not helpful unless you are spending . not all
my husband took my 2 . 5 year old and me to breakfast for mother's day . the service was extremely nice , but yes , a little slow . once we
got the munchies ? best toasted subs in mesa ! if you can dig the stoner ambiance , the atmosphere has such a chill vibe , music that takes you back down
this place moves in slow motion avoid at all cost . i've given this location multiple tries but it disappoints every single time . this morning a lady
this place was excellent and the experience started with our very awesome server petar . he was attentive but not overbearing . i had the perfectly grilled cheese with sweet potato fries . we
a work friend and i come here for lunch sometimes for salad and beer . the
we dined at nine on nine on a recent trip to pittsburgh . we appreciated that the hostess was accomodating our table was originally near the door and when we requested to be moved it was no problem . our waitress , while overall pretty good , was very slow in coming to the table to greet us and take
we happened to visiting my boyfriends family while we were in vegas and they decided to take us to get some sushi . we arrived here around 7 for the dinner buffet which was only $ 22 dollars . there was no wait time for a table and the service was fast and very friendly . we had a pretty good size group and they were very accommodating . i love sushi and i am always very skeptical when i go to sushi places , especially for an all you can eat sushi . i have a very weak stomach , so fresh is definitely key . some buffets that you go to that serve sushi usually have their sushi sitting over ice and sitting there for who knows how long . here at sin city , you
this is my second visit to the property and it continues to be absolutely outstanding . the staff is super friendly and the look and feel of the lobby since the renovation is mind blowing . as i was taking pictures of the separate but harmonious lobby spaces , the security manager walked over and introduced himself to me .
i'm shocked i have not written a review for one of my favorite restaurant . this is my go to place for late night food , or catching up with friends . i love the sushi bar and the sitting down japanese area in the back of the restaurant . i've always had great service even at its busiest times . my favorite drink is the grape fruit sochu ! it's so cool juicing your own fruit and pouring it's remnants into this sour nasty rubbing alcohol thing . their food is so amazing . i
mr cooks has 2 guys that go door to door putting up flyers . they stole my last cigarette off the front
came here on suggestion from a hotel reception desk staff a place off the beaten path where locals go . off the beaten path is a bit of an understatement from downtown , it was an interesting walk through a rough around the edges neighborhood . i'd suggest taking a taxi if going for a late dinner as we did . i had a really great glass of wine , shared the beet salad , and steelhead trout for my main . beet salad had buffalo mozzarella
polite and helpful staff for a movie theater , but that's the extent of my compliments . when it was the sundance theater it had a more upscale vibe and it also somehow seemed more accommodating and spacious . with the 'renovations' they've closed off a couple exits and it felt very cramped . the lobby is a madhouse and everything
being a connoisseur of spaghetti , i am always looking to try new recipes . although initially hesitant to try barzinis , i decided to give them a shot . and boy , was i pleasantly surprised . their spaghetti and meatballs is comparable to restaurant recipes i've tried in the past . and for such a great price , it's hard to
while waiting 10 minutes for a waitress that never showed up , we watched the line back up at the sunday brunch buffet , which had started only 15 minutes earlier , because there were no plates . as we got up to leave , i asked to speak with the manager . i explained the pathetic situation
this place sucks ! second time they broke my lug nut while changing my
here are the do's and the don'ts . do come in a group . the more the merrier ! don't forget to bring ur nv id . it's free entry for locals ! do remember to bring some dollars . the dancers are easy on the eyes . so don't forget to make ur dollas rain ! do know that the dancers are quite friendly with females too ! do enjoy the music . and do have some fun ! don't drink too much
i have been a big fan of food by fabio since the beginning . simple food for a simple price . they offer a small size and a large size with different calorie amount to accommodate my needs . the biggest thing is the flavor of the food for me
very little difference since changing hands new staff i think , and a couple added menu items , but basically the same as when it was phoenix coffee the same phoenix brand coffee , served in the same atmosphere for the same prices . even the same kinds of live music and poetry events although i tend to prefer quiet myself . i can easily find a seat with power and internet to get some work done , and i like their drinks . so , no complaints here ! i did notice , since someone else mentioned it , that my mocha was poured out of a milk jug from the cupboard . in my ignorance , i can't say whether pre mixing such drinks is normal , or a bad sign . i don't usually get straight coffee hopefully that is made fresh . i wish they were open later , but i see this fall they plan to return to 9pm weekday closing , which will be welcome , and 10pm on live event nights
back again to our favorite sushi restaurant eddy is a great sushi chef he has our
update according to my budget tracker , i've been to this zoyo 36 times now . unfortunately , although i started off enjoying it , over time they've stopped rotating many of their flavors and one or more of their flavors have been out the last few times i've been here . in addition , as i mentioned in my original review , their liquid toppings fudge , camel are in room temperature squeeze bottles . they don't keep them filled all the way , which makes it very difficult and slow to actually dispense anything from the bottles . i think i'll need to start looking elsewhere . zoyo is a local chain of frozen yogurt places that is similar to other chains in phoenix and other cities e . g . , menchies . they have about 6 7 different soft serve machines mounted into to the wall , each serving two different flavors of frozen yogurt . you are able to walk around and taste any of them using small sample cups . when you're ready , you grab
seamus , the owner did a fantastic job restoring the granite countertops in our kitchen . he repaired , condition polished and sealed the counters as well as the granite on the backsplash and it looks like new
my husband ate here one time without me and said it was too salty , so for the past 2 years , i've avoided this place . while waiting in this area to get picked up , i had a craving for chicken fingers and decided to stop in and omg i was so mad at my husband . to think , for two years i was missing out on some of the best chicken fingers ever created too much enthusiasm , maybe ? . their dipping sauce is just a simple ketchup mayo spices mix , but i'm easily won over by the combination apparently . i like how their fries have ridges , with
it's hard to find fresh food in the restaurant business these days . this is probably one of the best
opened for decades . i remember going here on the weekends some 20ish years ago , until i moved north . the beef noodle was as delicious as i remembered . however the couple of appetizers i had , like the
so our first family trip to jack in box off yuma was a disappointment . go to order fish sandwich and nuggets . sorry no ice tea needs to be made . ok will take water . ohhh and sorry no fries will u take curly
heard so much hype about shake shack , and was excited to try it . i got a bacon cheeseburger , fries , and a small drink . my wife got the basic burger combo . this set us back around $ 25 . for that price i expected much more in terms of quality . the burger itself was tasty but it was ridiculously small , and the bun was a soggy mess . the
i am an old guy that has been playing guitar off and on since high school . i finally got serious and decided to look at a new fender strat . brent was awesome , guitars are like pizza , everyone likes theirs a specific way . this was a true awakening for me . turns out the gibson was the one that balanced and felt the best . the entire team was warm and friendly letting me play any of the guitars i wanted . i skipped any
grilled chicken salad was good but not great . love the burger and garlic
i've been going to this restaurant for at least 3 years now . i typically always get the vermecilli noodle , 42 to be exact , and am never disappointed . be careful with the fish sauce you get on the side , though . you can really overdo it if carelessly dump it into your bowl . when i'm sick , i'll change it up and go with a beef combination pho . the food here is always fresh , and the family who
food here is great . i really like the woman who owns it
fantastic tacos and excellent service . do your tastebuds a favor and stop in
get the brio salad ! family friendly ! outdoor seating available . bread basket yummy ! kids menu fabulous ! includes salmon ! service
highly recommended company . very professional at a very reasonable price . quick to respond with service needed and
it had been a while since i had some fry bread as the only place in california i knew of closed down years ago . we decided to try angelinas out as it had some great reviews . location is small but very welcoming . my brother and i each ordered 2 fry bread tacos with asada and shredded beef . the gentleman taking our order seemed surprised that we were each ordering 2 tacos . when we received our order we knew why . the tacos were massive and we're stuffed with refried beans , meat and tons of cheese . our table was sorrounded by these delicious creations and everyone looked at us like we were members of man vs food
i have been here a couple of times for dinner , hookah or both . the food here is reasonably priced and well seasoned . the lights are dim so it gives it a lounge feel , the music is nice as well . the staff have all been friendly and helpful . some
really good italian good . it's a little pricey but the food is good . staff has always
in the cleveland area for a wedding so we figured we'd try out one of the better reviewed diners in the area . when we arrived there was a wait but we didn't wait that long since there were two of us . most of the seats are for two people so you may be seated before others if there are only two of you . staff is friendly and attentive so that was great . we ordered the greek omelette and the alpine omelette along with a side of pancakes .
the chef at the 9 recommended i check this place out , and i'm sure glad we did . had the almond croissant , loaded with flavor , and the texture was perfect . also had a caramelized croissant , cant remember the name , but was amazing .
just wanted to truly thank niko , kat , patrick and brynn for each spending time with me tonight . p had one of the best meal experiences i've had in a long long time . i travel for my job and all the staff at the ritz highly recommended me visiting this new establishment . i already thanked all of them for the fantastic recommendation . the food was superb
been there 2 times . it is way overpriced and the service is average .
ordered the 10 tacos for $ 30 best thing to do if you just want tacos and want to try different ones ! for me being
ralph and his crew were great ! called him literally last minute asking if he'd be available to unload a moving truck in three hours and agreed . he then called again an hour or two later just to confirm that we'd be in town when originally planned and we were right on schedule . he and his crew showed up right on time
awesome place , they restaffed the whole office and the service now is great . there were more glasses to choose from
i had the king cut prime rib . i skipped the bread from reading the reviews . clan chowder was average at best . prime rib should have been medium , was close to well
amazing ! traveling on business and enjoyed sitting at the bar . matt spears or pickles had amazing recommendations ! i started with the devil eggs topped with crispy oysters then had
great place ! had the carnitas nachos a margarita and
beyond donuts is beyond amazing . they've got a wide yet fresh selection of donuts . the family that owns and operates it are some of the nicest people i've met . you want to get here early because what they make in the
favorites were the baja fish and beef cheek tacos ! was pretty bumping for 5pm on a sunday , had a really awesome vibe and great music playing
came in to have brunch with my family . place was not busy for a saturday , maybe 4 tables were filled . maitre d was nice but not so attentive . there was a kid with us , so she give her a coloring menu but no crayons . we had to ask for it
this popular , new dt nook reminds me of a trendy nyc brunch hangout . it's not so much the food or the decor that causes me to reminisce , it's the fact that this place has limited seating , excess patrons , and folks will wait a long time for a table even though there are other good restaurants within walking distance . if you're dining alone , you can plant yourself at the counter almost immediately . if you're with a group . the wait can be as long as 45 mins , and unlike hash house a go go , which also always has a long wait , they don't have a pager to give you and you can't just sashay up to the bar while you wait for a table . i will tell you , these guys really care about their customers .
a reliable pest control provides courteous , friendly service ,
this place is horrible . the only store that is keeping this mall alive is the t t . the second floor is almost completely empty where all the units are either for lease or for sale . very poor management too . they don't even have an information board at the main entrance to direct people to the businesses in the mall . that's is why you see all those business flyers stuck all
if you have a craving for hainan chicken , this is the place ! casual setting with delicious food and friendly service . my recommendation 1
i've been going to this facility for years and recently became pregnant . i can't even begin to describe the comfort that the staff here has given me about the care of my child . i was going through some difficult times with my father passing away and unexpectedly losing employment and medical benefits and the staff has been caring and understanding throughout it all . they helped me financially by moving around the normal schedule of prenatal tests until my new medical insurance kicked in . they have been a blessing with finding ways to ensure my child receives the best care . they are at times quite busy and sometimes there is
terrible customer service las vegas nevada employee i no respect
really wanted to like this place it's close , i love chicken , and i love the grind , but they made it hard to enjoy . maybe just some opening week rough spots , but i can't recommend it . we made a reservation in advance for 6 , and they squeezed us into a booth that probably should only hold 4 . i can live with that . nice selection of craft beers and wines , and i like that you can order 1 2 or even 1 4 glasses as a taster . server was polite , but tough to track down . food came out slowly , inaccurately , and was just not that great . parents' request for white meat chicken was botched and had to be
great place if you'd like to be slammed down in a penitentiary oh and no cussing in the barbecue area apparently everyone that goes here also goes to sunday school every sunday someone blew their load in the elevator and it was not cleaned up for three days
i love this place . sometimes the mats get crowded but that's a good thing because everybody is there to make each other better . instruction is really detailed and drills are superb
absolutely our favorite place to bowl in the area ! staff goes over and above to make sure we have a great time . i usually bowl with my daughter 6 and niece 3
i give this three stars based on their wings which were very good . mango habanero wings were very tasty but not very spicy . the service was also very good . husband had pork sliders that were just average . what turned me off was
server was ok . nothing special . should have been a little more attentive as it was fairly dead in there . today i ordered the bacon temptation omelette . i'm still not sure how i feel about the cold
my go to place in vegas when i'm craving indian food ! this place is pretty good , they have all my faves including chicken tikka masala and the fried donut balls are amazing ! the only thing is that this place is a little on the pricier side for a buffet and last
i have been a fios customer for six years and will not be reupping again . two years ago , after i agreed to a two year contract , they insisted that i either buy a pricey new router from them or a monthly $ 2 . 80 plus taxes router maintenance fee would be added to my bill . it is
hidden restaurant in the same plaza as subway and starbucks . came here for some raw fish bowl and brown rice mixed with some of their house sauce and toppings . the choices of style to order are either a bowl or burrito . i prefer a bowl because it seems you get more bang for the buck and you could mix it up when you're eating . the sizes for the bowls to choose from is small 1 scoop , medium 2 scoop and large 3 scoop of protein . i'm a hungry fella so i went for the large . i ordered
amazing ! i've found my new providers which is not an easy task ! dr . sam fereidouni and kim brabentz , as well as the entire staff are spectacular ! thank you all for the exceptional services and care
lunch break need not be boring with craft burgers around ! around 1 every seat was filled but that was ok with me because i had already decided on taking it to go . i was served with a smile and was grateful that i had looked at the online menu before coming in . i looked like a regular , not glancing at the menu and just ordering craft spicy combo fries . i waited at the side , close to the washrooms until someone came out , called my name and handed me a brown paper stuffed with my goodies and stamped with the craft burger logo . all this with about a two minute wait . off to enjoy . come devouring time i was starving the food was more filling than one would think ! that's because this stuff is real . the hamburger came out of its foil with
i've been wanting to try this joint out since i'm a lover of all south of the border foods . barroco has a really great , welcoming vibe . upon entry for friday happy hour , my husband and i were greeted with a complimentary reposado tequila shot in a lime bowl . any place that does this is dope in my book . for clarification , they only do this for the first 100 customers . unsure if that means for the day or evening service , but we were beneficiaries ! had a seat at the bar , which was pretty crowded at 5pm and were quickly greeted by the bartender . he happily explained the happy hour specials half price cocktails , discounted beers and half off appetizers . i chose
a little skeptical walking in since it was about lunch time and no one was here . and the glass cabinets in the front are
creamy ! not too sweet and very natural ! i would have liked more huckleberry flavour in my huckleberry ice cream but it was still delicious . i even gave them some suggestions on new ice creams ! haha . they should have an
called ahead to make a reservation because it was saturday night , but got there and found out we didn't need it , it wasn't very busy . not sure why , the
came across this store randomly while i was in the west end . i found the service here to be a bit rude and dismissive . will not be returning to this store . there are plenty more cheese
all transactions should be so easy ! i called they answered and gave me a quote . i agreed and they picked up and towed my car with ease . the tow truck driver was
when i need to ship something via ups and want a hassle free experience , i go here . i get service with a smile , help with making sure my packages don't
who ever opened this canters does not have any clue about chicken soup or any other thing its awful and very expensive good luck hope you survive with the wealthy people cause you
it's an odd place a former brothel that's reputed to be haunted , with a lot of dark polished wood decor . in all the times i've been there , it's never once been crowded . it's very noirish , even in the daytime the sort of place you'd go to watch horse races desperately , of course , on which you'd just bet it all . and the guy at the other end of the bar hasn't been home in years , and the ominous bartender has a dark secret , and you'd better keep your damn beak out of it ! except the bartenders here are actually quite
absolutely adored this venue . as a destination wedding i had amazing anxiety attempting to pick a venue . i fell in love with the garden chapel . then at the last minute we asked for a reception with a bar as well . thy listened to what we wanted
a new location , some of the same staff , and still not a fan of the food . after an intense workout , i needed some food in me . i had tried babystacks before with my sister and found it mediocre . part of my distaste was due to their lack of proper staffing and attention to their guest . with an additional location , it reduces the wait time and the business for both locations . our server , mikey was nice . came around , took our orders , refilled my water . another girl came around and offer me refills when she saw my cup empty . the service is not the focus of my dislike of this place . it was the
if you are staying at or near union square in pittsburgh , you have a lot of choices for food . tonight a large group 12 of fellow business travelers and i decided to try the grand concourse . we had heard the menu offerings were quite extensive . i would have to somewhat agree , although it was mostly fish . not being a fish person i had to choose between a salad , steak or 1 chicken option . i forget the name , but i would have to say that the chicken was delicious . it was a chicken cutlet , with mozzarella slices and herbs
i've been a client for the past two years . my review is mixed because i do like going there but , sometimes , i have my disappoints with them . like that one time , i paid a hefty co pay just so the pa could tell me there was nothing to be
today was my first visit to the parlor and i loved every moment ! i followed cole from the centennial hills salon and spa and i am much happier going to the parlor ! the atmosphere is very relaxed and
awesome service , if you live in the qc area you need to request freddy ! he's the man . been using them for 3 years now and
two thumbs up , you can get a mountain golf course view or
i convinced the other half to forego the trusty red robin for a more unique burger experience , and we ended up trying a basil mascarpone and a de niro burger . we were thoroughly satisfied with our choices ! the burgers were cooked to order , and
even though they were busy as usual , aaron was very nice he even came around the counter to give
yum , yum , yum ! no other was to describe it ! i swear i
i was actually expecting the worst from my first impressions but by the end it wasn't that bad . i would have given it a 3 . 5 star . girl at the front needs to learn how to smile . zero character ! tables were dirty and had
we ate at the new restaurant in north scottsdale on hayden road . i must say it was more than disappointing . after seeing it reviewed on check please arizona we thought we would try it although it was the one on camelback that they reviewed . this one just recently opened . the restaurant is dark and dreary inside , so we opted to eat outdoors . the menu is very limited , for someone who doesn't want a burger . although , that is what we went for . my husband , who has probably tried
stayed in one of the suites a couple months ago for a bachelorette party and it was spectacular . the room was
for a cheap pizza place this place is not bad at all . 1 . the prices are pretty fair . 2 . the pizza is pretty good for the price . 3 . the staff is nice and respectful . 4
worst experience . lazy subcontractors . i have a photo of them taking a nap the foreman has not ever returned a phone call or text . his supervisor is looking for any excuse to cover for him
ok so we ordered chicken strips , regular fries , poutine fries and a classic burger with grilled mushrooms pepper jack cheese . everything tasted like they dumped
if you can manage to avoid the occasional torrential downpour , the three rivers arts fest is a must for any traveler or local wishing to take
this starbucks has a pretty good service ! hey novody is perfect
i love this gym . i've been going to this for years ever since golds on sahara closed its fairly expensive compared to other gyms but it's worth it . no douche bags around to annoy you by their usual antics they all go to lvac . all the trainers are fit
i've been there for lunch and dinner . coming from asia and california , i feel that it's typical americanized salty asian cuisine . it's still taste good though . it's just very oily and high in sodium . if you're looking for hot food , this is one of the few places in town where you can get it . the menu list the spice level up to 4 star . there is a 5 star level if you ask for it . some friends of mine
piggy's is definitely my favourite restaurant of all time for kbbq . i'm very picky when it comes to korean food but i honestly have to say that the kbbq at piggy's is amazing . it is on the pricier side compared to some other kbbq places like chako's but it's definitely worth the money . your order also comes with a variety of side dishes . on the whole , the side dishes are average not bad but not exceptional either . piggy's offers a lot of items other than kbbq such as bosam , pork cutlet and pork bone soup . one tip don't get the cold
great italian food huge portions beautiful dining room with a separate bar and large party room . white table cloths and candles on every table . excellent homemade bread served as soon as we were seated . very friendly and accommodating servers and staff . my husband and i both had the 12 layer lasagna and were very
what a great find although going to be hard not to spend there . stopped in because they sell frank lyman but found sooo
the sushi burrito was really good and the staff was super nice
this place was terrible , overpriced and a waste of money .
eva's original chimneys , a place of pure indulgence and total bliss . last year i visited the eva's original chimneys on bloor st toronto and fell in love with a whole new way to eat ice cream and yesterday i managed to rekindle that flame . i ended up stopping at the square one centre before hitting up a wrestling show down the street and decided it would be a good time to get some ice cream . originally i planned on getting sweet jesus but apparently they are not actually open yet , but what i did find out that there was an eva's here and honestly both of these 2 toronto chains make me feel like a kid in a toy store ! this eva's location is located inside a store that features them , a candy store ,
located in downtown summerlin is attic salt . absolutely cool store with unique gifts . a variety of t shirt prints are available with funny messages . interesting socks for just about any age , although some seem more geared toward teens for sure . so many awesome things ! books , note pads , t
holy crepes ! iced mocha more like iced crack mocha . i'm bouncing off the walls . si si me gusta banana nutella crepe sweet virgin mary silhouette
2016 was a much better experience ! going after christmas probably helped to avoid the crowds , but it was still pretty busy on a weekday evening prior to new years . came with a friend for a dance event , and when that didn't go so great we ended up wandering the forest area for about an hour . the are several trees decorated by local area companies and organizations , very similar to the christmas in the park in san jose . there's a cute path through the area , holiday tunes playing , and a
definitely recommend for brunch we didn't realize you can make reservations directly through their website so when we arrived on a sunday at prime brunch time , we were told there was a 2 hour wait . luckily seats opened up at the bar so we sat there instead ! i sent my bloody mary back because it tasted
although a highly reputable and good product customer service is lacking . tammy is not helpful and very rude to customers . we had several problems with the installation and working with them to fix various errors with their work . the quality of the shutters is very good , but be
the drive thru here is super quick and i would recommend it over going inside . for most other starbucks locations it is the direct opposite , but
this is a reflexology massage business , so think deep tissue meets thai meets acupressure . read the other reviews if you want to have a good sense of what to expect in terms of the differences between this and say , massage envy . that said , i feel sorry for people who had a less than positive experience here , because it is such a gem in my life . i know i can go in here and spend $ 30 plus tip and have a deeply healing massage from someone who is working their butt off to make my body feel better . it is a mystery to me how the reflexology works , but i don't care ! i have gone in with everything from a really sore achilles tendon to a tweaked neck and have always left with a great improvement . the last time i went i could barely walk without a limp going in because my achilles was so sore , and after they did their work , the next day it was like nothing had ever been injured . during the massage i
steak is ridiculously good but have you ever had bad steak in vegas ? um , no , but , it's still really great food . i had no shame and ordered 3 batches of yummy free oven baked bread . we actually go to this stk often because we stay at the cosmo often . this time , in addition to the steaks , we
excellent experience 40 northh in st . sauveur ! i ordered 2 hot appetizers filet mignon sausages with a mustard sampler and the asian beef spring rolls with a mango sauce . both were great . hubby had the crab cakes and he was very happy . for the main dish i had the o terre which is a filet mignon and 1 4 pound giant tiger shrimp . it was very very good , but i would probably skip the shrimps next time
a lot of people hype this place up and it's actually pretty tasty . their menu is pretty extensive and they have extra specials written in paper below their original menu . the cashier informed me they were out of certain dishes menu items , so be sure to get there early if you want something specific . the prices are also affordable and appropriate considering the portion sizes . tapsilog your normal filipino fried beef with 2 egg 2 scoops of rice . the beef was cooked as expected but with a garlicy twist which i loved ! however , they don't give you that much beef . instead they load you with rice and eggs . i was fine just eating 1 scoop of rice and an egg . on the side they give you vinegar and ketchup
my wife and i have been nothing but pleased with our experience with pla . they have been so loving to our daughter allowing her to grow and learn . they allowed us to bring our own food as well as worked with us
the sweet pork quesadilla is yummy . my boyfriend really enjoyed his flame grilled steak burrito . it's nice to have choices like horchata , mint limeade , sugar free strawberry lemonade , and flavored iced teas , in addition to the standard sodas . they also have a good variety of hot sauces and a convenience station with plenty of quality napkins , lids for
a pleasant surprise . have patronized most of the restaurants in downtown gilbert and chandler , and this little place has quality as good or better than any of those places without the overcrowding and overpricing of those downtown locations . strip center location a bit out of the mainstream but conveniently close to mcqueen park facilities and plenty of close parking . have had the hamburgers , southwest chicken sandwich and wings on various visits . all were good quality and freshly made . ordered burgers medium rare and well and both were done as ordered . meat is high quality . lettuce and tomato were crisp and fresh , not limp like some other places . wings were some of the best i have had . the sauce was spiced as it should be . the wings were not soggy but were crisp
worst service ever i went in for an initial eye exam and a sales lady basically pushed me into buying a way too expensive frame they cleverly pointed to the most expensive in the collection i had absolutely no idea what was happening and when i sat down to ask some question they made me
i arrived late in montreal . almost everything was closed except bars and etc . i had no interest about nightlife since i was tired and hungry . luckily
great baby back ribs . lots of moist tender meat . chicken and waffles are good . baked beans and the potato salad are good . nice and polite employees . they
it was my first time at this restaurant . i tried the hatch green chile enchiladas which had great flavor and spice . as a recommendation from a
this is not the first time i've been here , but this time , was treated rudely . my husband has a camera backpack and he walked in past the lady at the front who is supposed to check your bags . she looked at us , didn't say anything , so we proceeded into the store . we begin browsing and i notice this security guard following us around . he followed us and kept staring , making me feel awkward shopping . after a few minutes he approaches my husband asking if he checked in with the lady up front about his backpack . so my husband went to check with her and she said it's fine . strike 1 . looking around for gifts and there isn't much more than the chotsky type dust collectors . strike 2 . the coolest thing i found was used playing cards from the now closed sahara .
hrmmm im honestly surprised at the lack of 5 star reviews for this location . i have been stopping in here for 5 or so years and have never had one bad experience . i stopped in on wednesday , got a bagel with schmear and a large hot chia tea latte . my complaints are that the drinks come way super hot and
frustrating from start to finish . for $ 250 night , i enjoyed 3 attempts to check in because each time the line had no exaggeration 30 people on a thurs afternoon , not friday evening that didn't let up until 0100 the next morning only 3 staff checking all those people in then they want an extra $ 30 for gym and internet per day that's about 15 of my room fee and i was told you can't do just one or the
when i called this morning and spoke with rosie my intention was to get right in because my body was so drained . rosie asked me what my body was in need of . i appreciated that . rosie suggested mia , but i wouldn't be able to get on mia's table til 6 45 pm verses 10 am . i was cool with the late appointment because rosie assured me her style is what my body needed . i got there just in time . sue , the owner greeted me with a warm smile and gorgeous blonde dimensions in her hair . the energy in elements waiting area can not
we were referred to jereme by petsmart when our oldest dogs health began to decline and we wanted more personal attention for our dogs while we were out of town or gone for any length of time during the day . jereme takes care of our two bassett hounds and crazy cat and does an amazing job ! my 14 year old bassett hound has glaucoma
when i try to tell the kids how things used to be back in the day , they usually just roll their eyes and look at me like i am insane , because naturally nothing really existed more than a few years ago , and theaters have always had stadium seating and awesome sound systems not to mention dozens of screens . thankfully there is the manor . this old school theater is a remnant of what movie going used to be like . sure , it makes me feel old , but it is what we used to have . there were no multi plexes back then . well , i guess perhaps there
warehouse is one place that never fails to disappoint . astounded by the price , i went here multiple times and tried out different dishes to see which one is good and which one is bad . so far , i have only had the best fish tacos and other amazing dishes . don't be fooled by the price , yes you can get quality delicious food for just $ 5 . i like some of their cocktails as well , the bulldog and the pink lemonade is my favorite . naturally their drinks are expensive as they have to make up
chocolate brownie made me cry ! if you have a group larger than 5 people
quinn was at my house within an hour of my phone call and he explained how my particular garage door and springs worked so i could understand the issues . he was kind enough to waive the service call fee when
brasserie is easily my favourite restaurant . anytime we're in kensington and hungry this is the stop . most recently i had the eggs benedict with house made sausage and i wanted to lick the plate .
came for restaurant week and loved the variety on the menu . we opted for the queensfeast menu and selected the following smoky tomato soup roasted cauliflower with spice rub the duck 3 ways with pear the red fish on this yummy potato , cheese and corn hash dessert was my fav part of the meal as always it was sampler w a chocolate
what a great idea ! i wish seattle would do something like this !
i was really happy with the food , the lasagna is full of flavor and the smoothies
i just walked in and ordered the breakfast bagel . they made it fresh for me so it was hot and delicious . eggs , cheese , thick slices of
i was very impressed with their lunch menu , which is offered even on the weekends score ! lots of options under $ 7 , some a little higher my hubby got the fish tacos . be sure you grab a coupon out of the sunday paper , or sometimes in the mail . 15 off the bill , or
it is nice to see the checkers back in a building that is a good fit for hockey . although i liked the accessibility of twc arena , it was far from perfect for hockey . the organization is doing what they do well and the move to bojangles coliseum
no offense nor disrespect but i'm a latino that's cultured around cuban cuisines from living up north , this is
awesome food ! had the chili coney and double burger with bacon and cheese . fresh , hot and tons
2 words . hidden jem if i lived closer to this joint i would be here every single night . we came in for a sunday night open mic . cool
i remembered this place was the place to go for a buffet . it was new , it was hip , and it hit the spot . i may have been inebriated at the last time that i went so my memories may have been twisted . this time around , i was completely sober and clear and when i tried the food , i was a bit more cautious . the food tasted a bit more bland than i remembered like it was missing flavor . the pho option at the end was pretty disappointing . the carving station was a bit dry . the true saving grace for this place for my and my wife was the passion fruit drink and the thai tea ice cream . i was so in love with these two options that i ended up eating 7 scoops of the thai
this place is amazing ! the tropical salad is highly recommended as are the cochinita tacos . the atmosphere is classy and inviting . the chef is amazing
i go here for the chicken and
when we moved down to las vegas , one of my biggest concerns was finding a great groomer for our little dogs . after checking out the yelp reviews , we gave sherry at woof gang bakery a try , and she's done an outstanding job with them . they all look great and were happy as clams when we
we are repeat customers , summertime only . not only is there consistency w quality of teaachers , they promote levels as needed . my only gripe is grandma signed him up for too many days and they won't flex on no refunds .
the new ownership has painted the walls and ruined the
just took the last of my bulk food to the dumpster , that i had just bought this last week only to see bugs crawling out of the bags today , the winco bags . now i've got to make time to
this is a fun and relaxed environment , i felt so welcomed by this establishment . great place to go if you want to enjoy some delicious beverages with friends or if you want
bitter twisted has officially declared its secession from the united states , and the world as we know it , because the impolite doorman refused to acknowledge an unexpired u
good food great atmosphere . had a little slip up
love this place ! my friend works here and suggested i stay when i told her i was coming for the weekend . the cost i'll just say it's good to have friends who work in expensive places . jessica , the front desk associate , was super friendly and incredibly sweet . she was the same person who checked me out , which was even better . she put me in a room that over looked the pool and you can hear the noise from the pool , but it never bothered me and didn't last all night . the bad thing is that one of the sinks clogged up and that's just from washing my hands . thankfully , there are 2 sinks in the bathroom . also , i couldn't check out on the tv , hence having jessica check me out . parking isn't ideal , but the property is huge , it's not
we started with wings , garlic lime parmesan . best sauce ever , nicely balanced with nothing over powering . then we moved on to the pesto pizza . thin crust , tomatoes and
went there for fathers day june17 , 2018 with my family 11 of us , food was good but way too hot and complaint to the waitress and she cannot do anything , no air conditioner and no electric fan , just had lots of ice
i've shopped at this specific sprouts at least 4 5 times . each and literally every time , it's been a negative experience . the workers here have severe attitude . i asked for a manager once to call out the cashier that made me bag my own groceries . i swear i ran into her again on my most recent visit , which is why i'm writing this review . at sprouts , when you have a return , there's no customer service desk for you to immediately take your return to when you walk in the door . very awkward and uncomfortable for customers to have to go through the store and shop with a return in their basket . i don't want anyone thinking i placed it there while i was shopping . but that's what you have to do wait until you're checking out . i walked in the store with a return and went up to the first cashier i saw and she nearly bit my head off . said she didn't want my return at her register , that she didn't want the responsibility of watching it . thanks for the nice store greeting , byatch . but then later , when i was in the
great spot to escape the las vegas crazy , and drop into a quiet little spot to have a drink or two and then you go and spoil it all
the interior of the place , staff , and menu looked promising . the actual food , however , was disappointing . if you want quality food , you will not find it here . you'd think that if they have a small menu , they would be pretty good at making it . at the very least , you wouldn't think that you would be served your soft shelled crab with parts that shouldn't be
the salon is pretty and accommodating . staff is really nice . been here twice , first haircut was kind of blah , nothing to run home about but they did take me as a walk in right away which is great . received the worst haircut of my life no joke and my boyfriend too from vanessa . i asked her to give me layers she gave me bangs ? and used some new technique she said she learned but obviously did not
oh how i love la tavola ! i have eaten here many times , and it never disappoints . from the outside , it looks like a hole in the wall but the inside is a cute , quaint , family run establishment . the best part about this place is that it's byob ! i usually get the shrimp and crab tortellini . it has the perfect amount of spice in the red pepper cream sauce . oh , and the homemade balsamic dressing for
only have 5 words for you guys all you can eat mochi ! that was sooo gnarly and loved it so much ! the service was great and fast ! the workers were nice and
healthy home cleaners has been cleaning my house for several months now . i wanted to wait before writing a review ! let me tell you , they are tops ! i like my home to be hotel clean and that is what i come home to . they rotate through every possible cleaning spot . the wood floors sparkle , the beds are neat , the bathrooms sparkle , everything just spick and
came with a group of friends on a saturday night . its a very quaint place . yardhouse , sprinkles cupcakes , ghiradelli , fukuburger fame , pizzeria and among other restaurants and stores . it has a nice water fountain in the middle . plenty of places to sit around it . plenty of parking at the back of the linq . personally , i think $ 35 is way too much to pay . if you're local it's $ 5 off
we ordered for delivery and not only did it take 20 min longer than told it was wrong . we called to complain and we were told the cooks didn't believe us and they needed the whole pizza back in
i have ordered delivery from this location several times over the last few years and it's not very good . i used to love pizza hut pan pizza when i lived in alberta , it was my favourite but since moving to ajax i find this location seems to overcook
i wish i could give this place no stars if that we're an option . i called in to make an order and asked of i could do 2 separate transactions . she said
it's our second new year's eve dinner celebration at mon ami gabi . last time it took us 2 hours to drive back to our hotel 1 2 mile away so this year we stayed at a timeshare within a short walk from paris . the $ 200 per person special 4 course menu included champagne . our outdoor patio table allowed a great view of the crowd on the strip sans traffic , the bellagio water show , and
this place is so gooood ! definitely better than panda express . the owners are really sweet . portions are huge . food is cheap but good quality . it
always great customer service with a cute clean shop and answers at
mj i , had . etouffee , jambalaya , beans and rice with
we order delivery for work on saturdays at this location . food has never been wrong . delivery has
i can't speak for everyone working there , but one older woman was extremely rude and unaccommodating . i am vegan and asked if there was
used to be called the hermitage . it was purchased in spring of 2013 by another company and renovations were started fall 2013 . some of the renovations are nice , although the new places still smell of cigarette residue . there also used to be 2 pools , but they are renovating one and cemented in the old one . why they cemented in the old one instead of repairing it is beyond me . now its just a bare cement slab in with some 2 cheap plastic tables and chairs
went here on saturday . good selection of drinks . the curry wurst was amazing . the wings were not so great . the
dined at the new mb steak last night and it was fantastic . i sat at the bar upstairs , which is absolutely stunning , and
a very disappointing experience . i will give it 3 stars because the food was really fantastic . when you dine at a 5 star restaurant , you expect 5 star service . our server , jonathan , was one of the worst servers i've ever encountered . i'm a server myself , so i am very critical . the place was empty for a saturday night , we made reservation but walked right in . we placed our drink order and food order at once , which i can't stand . i would like a glass of wine while checking out the rest of the menu . it took 20 minutes for the drinks to come our appetizer and salads came out before our drinks ! we were livid ! we had to ask where our drinks were .
this place is amazing and its a shame there's just two reviews , and i don't know why i've taken this long to review it . it's easy to miss this place despite its bizarre green sign , but you're missing out if you don't go in . the burgers here are big and juicy , homemade and actually seasoned , perfectly at that . burger to bun ratio is perfect as well . fries are out of the bag , so not hand cut , but they
best chestnuts walk inside and smells so good ! $ 7 . 00 for 1 large
impressed on my first visit . started with my peach mimosa . followed by more food than i could eat . had
i so prefer open pitt over kim's wings . i stopped by here last weekend and left out because it was crowded and no one was at the window taking orders . i instead called in my order and came back . the sauce is okay , but my big
the food at yama is still excellent , but i'm getting fed up with how impatient their staff is for you to leave . our group goes once a month we know exactly what we order every time , so it's not like we're wasting their time being chatty and indecisive . i'm actually pretty conscious of waitstaff and understand how rude it would be to hold up their next table for their tip , and for the people waiting in line . but yama takes this to a whole new level . it's bad enough they often stick you in the most cramped , traffic bumping aisle ways possible . many a groin have brushed our table as people try to squeeze past to their seats around us . the staff have even literally lifted the table next to us , up and over us , to fit more seats somewhere else . if they could fit a 2 seater in the entrance vestibule where people wait for their table , i'm sure they would . i'm surprised they haven't removed the hostess stand to fit a folding
this review is solely regarding the cosmetics section of this store . my wife came here frequently to indulge in some of the newest products . the main woman at the cosmetics counter sorry i forgot her
awesome service and probably the best meal i've
ordered delivery and not only did they forget the fortune cookies which i see others have posted the same thing but the delivery guy ripped us
this is the 2nd burro borracho of guys' that i have visited the other being in laughlin , nv very different places altogether . the menus are similar , food is similar but not the same , and the service there is great , here is awful . we were seated immediately , but not approached again for almost 15 minutes . we were finally brought water , then our server came and took our order for food no drinks order , no offer of appetizers , nothing
love this place . we go a few times a month . usually there's no wait
this shop has an excellent selection of jewelry and eclectic clothes . and they often have half off deals on their clothing . every time i wander in here i find something that i desperately want . the staff is also consistently
taglio is one of my favorite pizza places in town . i'm quite the sucker for wood fired european style pizzas with a delicious thin crust and fresh ingredients . i've been coming here for some time now , and every visit the
you gotta try this place ! get one of the bowls and share the portions
they literally just opened today , we are getting our suv tinted and we saw a farmer boys on the
around five days ago , our bathroom lights went out . the fan and gfi still worked though . we moved a floor lamp in there until i could check things out . today , i tested the switch and got continuity . i wasn't getting anything at the light though so i went to the home depot and bought a new vanity light and switch figuring i'd replace it all . i replaced them both and still , no light . this is where i called 24 7 electrical services . their scheduler informed me they were
this is a great sub place . i love sandwiches and this is one of my choices to go if i want a good sub . the sizes of the subs are perfect . have yet to try the 14 inch but if you are really hungry , but don't want to go to
can't decide if you want asian or barbecue ? this is a good place for you ! they have a nice assortment of appetizers and sides for both the asian and barbecue parts of the menu , and the same for the entrees
i'm so glad i found this place ! it is super close to where i stay when i visit toronto and their shampoo and blow drys are $ 25 . amelia
highly impressed with the experienced dedicated stylists . always a welcoming atmosphere
patrick did a great job cleaning the carpets ! i asked him to clean the couch
wow ! wow ! i flew in from denver to have my wedding at the platinum hotel . christine and her assistant came to our hotel room to do 4 make ups and 4 hair . we let christine do whatever with our makeup and she did amazing . at first look i was scared because i looked different .
i hadn't been to this salon in years and decided to give it a try after being unsatisfied with my last tech , who i have no intent to go back to because hiedj at mirage did an amazing job on my nails ! my old acrylic was old and brittle so she took them off , gave me
beyond service janelle , scott , chris , and ginger great to deal with they will get my
figo has a great atmosphere to it especially at night . i've come a couple of times and have introduced my friends outside of the gta to the place . during the summer months , the patio can get filled fast , so it's best to make a reservation .
great ny hero's . the staff is friendly and very quick .
the wine is great , the owners are down to earth , and the place has a relaxing
one of my most fav places . their t bone is the best . the owner mahmood is a very nice and humble person , so are his employees . starting with their complementary soup ,
for the price cheap ! this place does quite a good job . dumplings are fresh and tasty . the spring rolls are crisp and not too greasy with a really interesting sauce . hot sour soup was quite tasty . i didn't particularly like the pork fennel dumplings kind of an odd combo with too much fennel for me . but they tasted fresh and full of flavor just not a flavor that made my taste buds
although on the steep end for drinks , it's a great atmosphere and would recommend it to anyone who's looking for a fantastic 2nd or 3rd date spot . the views of charlotte are breath taking , and
we were wary of egg works because , as an extension of egg and i . well , it's just not the original , right ? ! well , immediately on being seated chelsea greeted us warmly , making us feel welcome . it's the same menu , but could it be as good ? i'm here to say , yes ! the ensenada burrito my first try was awesome ! eggs
due to this gentlemens comments on social media we will now be looking elsewhere . ignorant comments on facebook
i know it's just a boston market and i'm giving it five stars , but i love boston market ! i could eat here every day . i just moved across the country and this type of food is largely
rio all suites hotel and casino is a very decent hotel for low price . it's located off of flamingo near the las vegas freeway i 15 which is off the strip . another year of my vacation time . i decided to try rio again . the last time i stayed at the rio was back in early 2000's with my parents . the room here was pretty cheap , $ 30 night . stayed for 2 night . it wasn't too bad . it got
ordered chalipita de ceviche ! i do gotta say it was amazing . yummmers
let me start by saying , that i love sushi and every where i go i try to have some just to see what's the newest thing out there , having said that this place is amazing every single thing i had here was great . i start with the almond crusted scallops and it was fabulous the way they prepare its unique and it has no wired after taste like in other places the balance between the scallops and the spinach was great , i follow it with a seafood zensai which just by the name had me intrigued , because in the menu says that it comes with chips so i had to try it , and it was wonderful again it's like japanese nachos with shrimp and scallops just beautiful . after that i decided to have the real thing , sashimi so i order ika , hamachi , maguro , sake salmon , and super white tuna and it had me blown away everything was so fresh and delicious the chef , saul had a very good technique on the knifed , he offer me this house sauce that go with the fish , i was a little spectacle about it cuz i like my fish plain but i have to say the sauce was awesome
i made an online appointment to have my brakes serviced on saturday at 1pm . when i arrived , i was told that there were a number of other cars ahead of me and that they wouldn't be able to take care of my car that day . i was told that the online reservation system didn't interface with their scheduling system , as the online system was run by corporate and the stores were indepently owned . i am glad i didn't make the appointment for sunday as i was originally planning , as i was told that there were no brake mechanics working on sunday even though the online system would let me set an appointment . they apologized for the miscommunication , and i rescheduled the appointment for 5pm wednesday , as i could
this place was by far the prettiest place i'd seen while visiting vegas . it looks like a damn paradise . the weather was perfect and the nightclub has its own pool . but they do not offer
i love donnie and i watch the show . always wanted to try this place , but i didn't have high expectations . i thought it was a grab and go place , but it's actually a sit down place with
i visited ltayh because i had purchased a living social deal , but i will definitely be back ! when i walked in , two employees greeted me with a smile and offered me coffee , tea and water . i saw samantha
i've sampled a few things from their menu a few times . the cheeseboard is kind of skimpy . the crab cake is pretty good . the lamb pops are way way way too salty . they have a pretty nice wine and beer menu so that's at least one plus . another plus is their shrimp mac n cheese . yummmmmeeeee ! love the decor . it doesn't feel like you're in a strip mall type place . the service is fast , the staff is friendly
i truly enjoyed officiating at this chapel was fun fast and interesting . although i felt unfairly treated by the owner charolette richards it was a great beginning for me .
i shop here weekly since i live on base . i like the store itself but two of the cashiers are awful . i try to use self checkout to avoid them but sometimes
i had heard about this place but didn't try ot until a friend said this is her go to nail place . i called in and made an appointment for within the hour . the receptionist was so sweet , i let her know that i am very particular i admit it of my nails , i want my nails clean and alot of attention on my cuticles . i went it , it was very pretty , the receptionist
i have no idea how this place got 4 . 5 stars . their food is possibly some of the worst food i have ever had . ever . and that's pretty bad , as i'm not super picky . i've been to two of their locations and both times i was completely unimpressed . first time i had a burger . i requested it rare , and of course it came out well done . like damned rubber . anyone knows that once you go rare , you don't dare . go . well done . ok i was trying to be funny and i failed , but you get my point . and the food came in some crazy picnic type containers . shit you'd see if you bought it at the fair
always good . not usually too crowded . fried okra like you can't find too many places . glad to have a
this is clearly the best rock n roll show in las vegas . all of the performers are the top in their field . they enjoy performing for
i cannot say enough good about this company . they did my 2008 altima today and it looks like a new car . they restored the headlights which were very hazy . they were on time and and let me
so happy to have a popeyes close to my place . i got some crazy good coupons in the mail for their opening . 5 pieces of chicken , two sides and two biscuits for 5 . 99 . that's enough food
sadly this will likely be my last time here . at least for quite a while . be aware when being seated the section on the right has a very limited selection of sushi revolving on the belt . the food is still fresh and ok but if you're not seated in the main section there are much better places out there for the same price for what you get . they recently raised their happy hour prices as well . that wouldn't make much of a difference but when you see the same
i like their tortillas and their chorizo is really good . my favorite is the oaxaca special . i did not see it advertised as well . i grew up loving the one on mohave as a kid now they are in avondale . the family owned and operated business has got away from the term familia ! they started out very well loved in phoenix and as the
a very , very good italian restaurant with excellent service . we started with a mozzarella caprese salad . the mozzarella and tomatoes were fresh . i had a frutti di mare which had an ample
i finally got a chance to check out munch box ! i drove by it for so long , so i thought i should actually try it out . let me start by saying the service was amazing . the staff is very enthusiastic , helpful , and informed . the food options are awesome for breakfast and lunch with a lot of build your own options . i opted for the wrap which i filled with breakfast fillings such as eggs ,
less than stellar experience . greeted and sat down and drinks were taken right away but then after saying we needed a minute to order we sat for long enough for me to contemplate leaving because the waiter walked past the table 3 times and said nothing . then the other waitress walled by took the order . i asked for a regular gyro . she misinterpreted that as the gyro plate where everything is separate . not long after the order was taken we are brought 2 salads . i realized our food came with the option of salad or fries , but we're never asked . it wouldn't have been much issue but i am
i came here for the first time to purchase a money order . terrible customer service ! i was told to use the atm because they do not accept cash , that was fine . however the atm was not working properly . instead of doing her job and coming out to assist with the transaction , i was told
this place is absolutely garbage . i thought it was a one time thing , so i gave them another try . how do
checked out luci's today . great food , quick service for how busy they were . the naughty nurse sandwich was very tasty , the hubby had a breakfast burrito which was decent and our 5 yr old had the kids pancakes with fruit which were outstanding . don't order the tator tots as they are nothing special
fast service and was clean . i was impressed with the food quality
epic times best way to
bleeeehh , this place should not be allowed to call itself a tea shop ! i ordered what i considered a safe drink , a drink which would be hard to mess up . unfortunately , the passionfruit black tea with boba was lacking
my first visit i had dermaplaning done and i loved it my skin felt fabulous . today i come back to get a peel its not so bad i love
this is now our favorite new dessert store ! boba tea , delicious ice cream , the amazing freshly made waffle ice cream sandwich ,
i visited this nail spa back in november 2011 and should say , i'd rather get a pap then visit some of these sketchy nail places but i don't always have the patience to wait for a spa appointment or the time to devote to it , so i ended up here because it's close to me and i was short on time . i was expecting a quick but decent pedicure service with no frills . i was the first person in at 11am on a saturday and before i knew it , half the seats were taken . people who came in after me for the same treatment , simple pedicures , were finished before me . i had an afternoon flight that day so it was important to keep it under an hour . even though i had told them i was in a hurry and needed to keep it to an hour , it ended up being closer to 1 1 2 after drying time for just a pedicure . unfortunately i
i wanted a different kind of workout , found this place on yelp and have always been interested in trying boxing . i have belonged to different health clubs and done boot camp workouts as well so was looking to change it up . my friend and i went in on a monday and were welcomed by the owner , chris . he worked with us in a buddy session and tailored the workout to our fitness levels . we have been
i ordered the first time from gino's a few weeks ago after coming across coupons in the clipper magazine . the staff when i called to place my order was very friendly and answered my questions about the coupon deals . delivery was timely and
almond raspberry baked good ok . with flat white over 10 bucks ? ! too expensive
i came here with 2 other people during first friday . definitely nice to have the american and mexican choices at one spot . food was good but slightly over priced . the drinks on the other hand were way expensive . i get that we were mostly paying for the trendy atmosphere , but it
great eggettes , especially for the price . this is relatively new establishment at first markham place and has seen lines in front of the store since they opened . i've tried their plain , matcha , and durian flavours . an underrated aspect of their eggettes is that they retain their shape even as it cools . maybe it's the design of their bags to release steam ? but as other places may see their eggettes deflate or wrinkle up
was very excited to try gators pizza , i am a pizza lover ! i entered the store , and was very disappointed to see a moving belt type pizza oven . in my opinion and experience , these ovens don't get hot enough to cook the dough the way i like it . i gave them the benefit of the doubt , and ordered two slices and a soda . the owner was friendly and efficient , and in just a few minutes , my slices rolled off the assembly line , i mean the came out of the oven . i got the slices
love this bar . great chill place for a great
it sure is slightly cheaper , but exceptionally hard to reach and find . their selection is massive and well organized and there's even some play space . you'll find everything here from board games to miniatures to rpg's .
i can not say enough good things about dr stile and his staff . the doctor and staff are professional and friendly . the office is so nice
headed over to goodtimes bar in order to have a good time last friday night . i figured it would probably be kind of a weird s m bar since we had to ring a bell and face a camera to get in . kinda exciting , right ? not ! there about 6 people in the place not counting the bartender who all turned to see our group come in . awkward ! lol well this place was dead and could almost hear other people's conversations . and they were sitting on the
i used to enjoy coming here with my mom every sunday morning for a coffee and a small treat . honestly guys , i loved this place . good atmosphere , clean , nice for pictures ! however i underwent an experience which lead me to never go back . it was my moms birthday so i decided to go and by her a cake my mom is allergic to gluten and since this is a gluten free and vegan bakery i thought it was perfect . i went in and asked if they had any cakes and they said they were would be getting some the next day so come in the morning . meanwhile this was on
best waiter ever ! montice provided impeccable service , with a couple of laughs on the side . he was an expert on
i went to kane co twice to get my hair done . they sent me to one of the newer stylists who proceeded to hit me in the forehead with her brush at least 50 times , pull my hair and basically left me
i had just moved to henderson and didn't know where to turn when i had to take a last minute trip out of town . i left several voicemails with henderson pet sitters here on yelp . then i called liliana's number . liliana is the only pet sitter who answered her phone ! she suggested we meet that night so she could meet my 2 cats . liliana and i hit it off right away she is very friendly and caring . the next day i left on my trip . liliana sends me a
this was my first time at this salon and the stylist cut my hair just like i wanted it . the location is close
stopped by for breakfast . was welcomed in warmly by the employees . i ordered the french toast combo . comes with four slices of french toast . three eggs . hash
had fried rice wong ton soup your dad
won't stop calling . have been telling them for 3 years to stop calling me . really getting
do you have a classic car ? do you love your car ? if so then you need to take it
in town for my boyfriend's 30th and i found this place suggested on yelp for american and i couldn't of been any happier ! we were going out for a night on the town , so this was the perfect place to start . right across the street from the bellagio fountains , we got to see three different shows from our table tucked away in a little
0 stars is more accurate but not an option . all complaints , written
oxtail soup and prime rib . that's all you need to know . this place is located on the ground floor in the cal and is 24 hours . the staff is very friendly . there's first come first serve bar seats or you can wait for a table . the prices here are cheap . you can get a pretty good meal for under $ 10 or you can get meal coupons too if you get a hotel package . i like that this place has a salad bar which comes with all the entrees or you can choose soup . it has a good variety . get the broccoli crunch salad . it's crunchy and tasty . i like getting olives , carrots and
fast friendly service . went here a couple months ago snf the line was incredubly long at the same time i was still out in fifteen minutes or so .
so we came here on a sunday for lunch and the owner was surprised that we found the place since most of the plaza around us was closed . thanks to yelp reviews i wanted to check this place out since people mentioned the owners are from thailand and having been to thailand , thai town in la , and married a thai man myself , i expect nothing but authentic complex flavors . this place is new and opened just 3 months ago so not too many people know about it yet so i'm doing my civic duty of spreading the word and not hoarding this place to myself . this place will be crazy
great staff , amazing and made fresh hot dosa's . cater to all level of spice palate . most of the time
mediocre at best . the meat for the burgers have the oddest taste of old meat and freezer burn . like the meat has been
convenience and quality delivered right to your front door ! i discovered total cleanse while i was in montreal and i will continue to buy their juices as long as they are in business . my personal faves are green energy , lemonade and creamy cashew milk very berry tastes like candy , which is too sweet for me and coconut water is a little blah . customer
we are from california and yelped this place . drove a little out of the way but it was well worth it . my son said his chicken fried steak was the best he's ever had ! the service was
looks like a great place , and probably is for hanging out and having some drinks with friends . for lunch or dinner i would pass ! the positives good drinks cocktails . the negatives kids eat free every day however the waitress tried to charged us for two kids meals . my son's